
--- PAGE 1 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Q2 FY '25 Earnings Conference Call 
October 17, 2024  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations 
 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
Bryan Bergin 
TD Cowen 
 
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim Securities 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Equities 
 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala  
IIFL Institutional Equities 
 
Jamie Friedman 
Susquehanna International Group 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec 
 
Abhishek Kumar 
JM Financial 
 
Keith  
BMO Capital 
 
 

--- PAGE 2 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Prashant Kothari 
Pictet Asset Management 
 
Manik Taneja 
Axis Capital 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus Securities 
 
Girish Pai 
BOB Capital Markets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Infosys Limited Q2 FY'25 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing s tar then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Mahindroo. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining Infosys earnings call for Q2 FY'25. Joining us on this call is 
CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka; and other members of the leadership 
team. We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company, subsequent to 
which the call will be opened up for questions. 
Please note that anything we say which refers to our outlook for the future is a forward -looking 
statement that must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A full statement and 
explanation of these risks is available in our filings wi th the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to turn the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. We had a strong 
performance in Q2 with robust and broad -based growth, stable operating margins, strong cash 
generation, strong large deals and increased employee headcount. Our revenue grew 3.1% quarter-
on-quarter and 3.3% year -on-year in constant currency terms. Financial Services grew at 2%; 
Manufacturing double-digit; Energy, Utilities and Services at 5.8%, all quarter-on-quarter. 
We saw growth in all geographies quarter-on-quarter basis. Our large deals were $2.4 bn. Our overall 
pipeline remains strong. We saw a double-digit quarter-on-quarter increase in our pipeline of deals 
below $50 mn. 

--- PAGE 4 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Our operating margin for Q2 was at 21.1%. Free cash flow for the quarter was $839 mn. Employee 
attrition is stable at 12.9%. We will launch our employee compensation increase in two phases, 
effective Jan 1, 2025 and April 1, 2025. 
The Financial Services segment in the U.S. continues to see discretionary spend increase in capital 
markets, mortgages, cards and payments. We  have seen slowness in the  automotive sector in 
Europe. Apart from these verticals, demand trends remain stable with clients continue to prioritize 
cost takeout over discretionary initiatives. 
Our Q2 performance reflects our sustained strength and differentiation in the industry. We are 
deepening our work in Generative AI. We are working with clients to deploy enterprise Generative 
AI platforms which become the launch pad for client usage of different use cases in Generative AI. 
We are building a small language model leveraging industry and Infosys datasets. This will be used 
to build Generative AI applications across different industries. We  have launched multi -agent 
capabilities to support clients in deploying agent solutions using Generative AI. 
Our Generative AI approach is helping clients drive growth and productivity impact across the 
organization. We are partnering with clients to build a strong data foundation which is critical for any 
of these Generative AI programs. 
One example, we are working with a logistic major, using Topaz to power their operational efficiency 
improvement. Concurrently, we are  supporting their digital transformation journey to help them 
deliver exceptional services for their customers. 
With a strong performance in Q2 and our current outlook, we have revised our revenue growth 
guidance for the financial year. The new guidance is 3.75% to 4.5% growth in constant currency. 
Our operating margin guidance for the financial year remains the same at 20% to 22%. 
With that, let me hand it over to Jayesh. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Salil. Good morning, good evening everyone and thank you for joining the call.  
We had a strong Q2 with broad -based growth and resilient margins amidst an uncertain macro 
environment. 
Let me talk about some of the key highlights. 
1. Revenues grew sequentially at 3.1% in constant currency terms, ahead of our expectations. 

--- PAGE 5 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
2. All geos and verticals, barring Retail, grew sequentially. Europe had a strong growth and is 
now approximately 30% of our revenue. 
3. Inorganic contribution was 0.8% QoQ, which contributed to growth in Europe Manufacturing 
4. We had another quarter of volume growth.  
5. Financial Services in U.S. continues to see discretionary spend uptick in capital markets, 
mortgages and cards and payments. Both EURS and Manufacturing verticals reported 
double-digit year-on-year growth.  
6. Overall deal pipeline remains strong. Pipeline for deals less than $50 mn increased double 
digits sequentially. 
7. Operating margin during the quarter was stable at 21.1% driven by better operating metrics, 
despite higher variable pay and acquisition impact.  
8. Utilization continued to improve to 85.9%, up 60 basis points sequentially. 
9. We saw headcount additions after 6 quarters and added ~2,500 employees sequentially.  
10. We had second consecutive quarter of over 100% of free cash flows conversion to net profit. 
Free cash flow for H1 stood at $1.9 bn, 41% higher over H1 last year. 
Let me delve upon the details now.  
Revenue for Q2 was $4.9 bn, up 3.1% sequentially and 3.3% on a year -on-year basis in constant 
currency terms. This included benefit from acquisition of 0.8%.  
Operating margin was stable at 21.1%. The major components of sequential margin walk are- 
Tailwinds of  
- 80 basis points benefit from Project Maximus 
- 10 basis points from the currency movement 
Offset by  
- 30 basis point impact from acquisitions mainly on account of amortization of intangible assets 
- 60 basis points from higher variable pay and other costs 
Project Maximus remains a key focus area and successes of that is visible in improved operating 
metrics like utilization, realization, subcontracting costs, etc., for the quarter.  
H1 revenue growth was 2.9% in constant currency terms. Operating margins were at 21.1%, 10 basis 
points up year-on-year basis. 

--- PAGE 6 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Headcount at the end of the year stood at ~3,17,000, returning to a positive sequential growth after 
six quarters of decline with net additions of approximately 2,500 employees. Utilization, excluding 
training increased by 60 basis points to 85.9%.  LTM attrition for Q2 was up by 20 b asis points at 
12.9%. We are on-track to onboard 15,000 to 20,000 freshers in FY '25. 
Free cash flow conversion was approximately 108% for Q2. H1 '25 free cash flow is 41% higher than 
H1 '24. DSO for the quarter was 73 days versus 72 sequentially.  Consolidated cash and cash 
equivalents stood at $4.6 bn after paying out $1.4 bn towards dividend.  
The Board announced an interim dividend of INR21 per share, an increase of 16.7% as compared 
to last year. 
Yield on cash balance was flat at 7% in Q2.  
ETR was at 29.6% for Q2 and 29.5% for H1. We continue to expect ETR for FY '25 to be in the range 
of 29% to 30%. EPS grew by 4.7% in INR and 3.4% in dollar terms on YoY basis.  
We closed 21 large deals with TCV of $2.4 bn, 41% of this was net new. Vertical-wise, we signed 7 
deals in Financial Services; 3 each in Communication, Manufacturing and others; 2 in Retail and 1 
each in EURS, Hi-Tech and Life Sciences. Region-wise, we signed 12 large deals in America, 5 in 
Europe, 3 in India and 1 in RoW.  
H1 large deal wins stood at 55 deals with TCV of $6.5 bn and 51% of that is net new. 
Coming to verticals,  
Financial Services saw continued growth momentum in Q2 with traction in cost optimization through 
large outsourcing and transformation opportunities. We saw discretionary spend uptick in capital 
markets, mortgages and cards and payments. Deal wins during the quarter were strong , which 
coupled with expanding pipeline of small deals gives us visibility for future growth. We  are doing a 
variety of Gen AI projects and are seeing them getting embedded in large programs. 
Retail sector continues to be impacted by economic and political uncertainties. Cost takeout 
efficiency and consolidation are key priorities for clients. Consumers spend in the upcoming holiday 
season will be a lead indicator for future spend decisions. We are progressing well on our journey to 
leverage AI to deliver business value with safeguards around privacy, ethics, controls, etc ., across 
areas such as enhanced customer and employee experiences, digital marketing etc. 
Communication sector outlook is challenging with clients primarily focused on cost reduction and 
making that investment profitable. Discretionary spend for OEMs are expected to remain under 

--- PAGE 7 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
pressure. Cost optimization, vendor consolidation are in the top priorities with clients open to 
innovate solutions and asking for AI to amplify productivity.  Growth in FY'25 will be driven by large  
deal-wins. 
In EURS, geop olitical conflicts and higher interest rate continues to influence spending patterns, 
causing clients to focus on cost optimization initiatives. We saw strong growth in verticals, especially 
in energy sector. In energy services, especially there is significant traction in cloud programs with 
many companies adopting the cloud and AI strategy. Our competencies in energy transition space, 
human experience and industry clouds and proactive client pitches have helped us build strong 
pipelines. 
Growth in Manufacturing was strong, partially contributed by in-tech acquisition. Europe automotive 
sector has seen recent challenges while discretionary spend remains under pressure. We have seen 
increased benefits of vendor consolidation. We see opportunities around supply chain optimization, 
cloud ERP, smart factory and connected devices across various sub-verticals. We are in discussion 
with multiple clients for setting up AI CoEs to drive AI adoption at scale. 
Most Hi-Tech clients remain cautious due to geopolitical tensions. Discretionary spend and new 
project starts are slow due to cash conversion focus. We are advancing multiple AI programs from 
POC to implementation, focusing on customer support and sales effectiveness.  
Driven by our H1 performance and outlook for the rest of the year, we are revising our FY25 revenue 
guidance to 3.75% to 4.5% in constant currency terms. Our operating margin guidance remains at 
20% to 22%. 
With that, we will open the call for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First question is the reasons for change in guidance for revenue 
growth. Is it largely because 2Q came in better than your expectations , or is it because the outlook 
for 2H has improved versus your prior expectations because of better pipeline of the smaller deal? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

--- PAGE 8 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Hi, Gaurav. I think there are multiple factors that led to increase of our guidance. Of course, the H1 
performance or the Q2 performance, as you said, and more importantly, the broad -based Q2 
performance was one factor. 
We saw continued momentum in volume s as well as the momentum in financial services. Our 
increase in the smaller deals pipeline which is less than $50 mn deals, as we said earlier, which has 
had a strong double-digit growth, I think all of these factors contributed to increase in the guidance. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Got it. Second question on Gen AI adoption. Have you seen Gen AI actually triggering a large 
transformation project and leading to multi -million dollar deal or multi -year deals? Just trying to 
understand that is this going to lead to a wave of a larger IT spend and increase the overall 
addressable market for us? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi Gaurav. On Generative AI, what we are seeing is, first, we built the capability set, three examples 
that I shared of how we  are doing it with platforms, with agents and a small language model. It  is 
also very much focused on productivity and growth as clients are looking at it. 
So any of our large deals, now large deals today are not that much focused on transformation, more 
focused on cost and efficiency , so more of the Gen AI focus is productivity. Any of the large deals 
that we are looking at, there is a Generative AI component to it. Now is it driving the large deal, not 
in itself, but it is very much a part of that large deal. 
Gaurav Rateria 
All right. And last question for Jayesh. What would be the tailwinds from margin point of view in the 
second half, which could help us to offset the impact of the wage hike? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Gaurav, just to put together all the headwinds and tailwinds, the headwinds will come from 
compensation increase in Q4 that we talked about. The Q3 and Q4 will have regular seasonality in 
terms of furloughs, in terms of lower working day in calendar, etc.  And tailwinds would be all the 
things that we are doing in the Project Maximus, whether pricing, whether you are talking about role 
ratios, subcon optimization, etc., all of those would be part of the same bucket of Project Maximus. 
Moderator 

--- PAGE 9 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Gaurav, do you have any follow-up question? 
Gaurav Rateria 
No. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen.  Please go 
ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 
Hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask, just as you think about how you built the forecast forward and the 
discretionary view, aside from the improvement you have cited in U.S. BFSI, have you basically held 
everything else muted in your discretionary view as you go through the December and the March 
quarters? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Hi Bryan. As I said earlier, I think there are various factors that has led to margin expansion . Our 
guidance change starting from the Q2 performance, the increase in volumes that we saw across 
multiple sectors, including Financial Services. Our pipeline, which is strong large deal pipeline as 
well as the smaller deals, which are less than $50 mn deals, which have grown double digit. 
So, I think all of these have been baked in. Of course, there will be seasonality in H2 as we all know 
about in terms of furloughs, in terms of lower working days, etc. So all of that at this point in time is 
baked in, in our guidance. 
Bryan Bergin 
Okay. Thank you. And then just a follow -up, just to make sure I understand the furloughs.  how do 
you think about composing the furlough activity that you  are embedding in the year -end? Any 
difference than what you saw from last year or historical levels? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
No. So we, at this point in time, have baked in the regular furloughs that we have seen over the past 
few years. 
Bryan Bergin 

--- PAGE 10 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jonathan Lee 
Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you share further detail around what you are hearing in 
pricing conversations, both around new deals and any potential rescoping of deal terms, particularly 
given continued focus on cost optimization for clients? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Hi Jonathan. The pricing overall, the environment has remained stable. However, within the pricing 
environment, we have been able to make a lot of progress in terms of  getting benefits on the track 
that we are running under Project Maximus, which is value-based selling. 
So many of those tracks have started kicking in benefits, which is visible in our numbers. If you look 
at our volume growth using a proxy of the headcount, you will see there will be a delta between the 
revenue and the volume growth which is contributed by the pricing significantly. 
Jonathan Lee 
Thanks for that color. And how should we think about large deal TCV momentum going forward? Are 
we seeing any changes to client preferences around signing of large deals perhaps maybe towards 
smaller deals, given some of what you called out around smaller deal strength? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi. The large deals, the way we are seeing it is the pipeline remains quite good for us today. There  
is a much more focus on the cost efficiency, automation and consolidation type of work. These are 
lumpy. So in some quarters, we see a little bit more, some a little bit less, but we do not see a change 
in that outlook for large deals. The point on the smaller deal s that Jayesh shared was a little bit 
additive. We are seeing more activity there as well, which is different from what we have seen before. 
Jonathan Lee 
Thanks for that detail. 
Moderator 

--- PAGE 11 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So Salil, I just wanted to pick your brains mainly on how the 
BFSI vertical is looking at this point of time . Post, the interest rate cut, has there been a change in 
conversation or let us say change in the approach of the clients towards discretionary spend that 
they might be picking up in upcoming quarters. How do you see that vertical play out? And then I 
have a follow-up. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks. So on Financial Services, we saw last quarter a good improvement in discretionary spend. 
And we continue to see that in Q2, the discretionary spend is good. We also saw the results of some 
of the large U.S. banks look quite strong. 
We see, still the focus is much more on the discretionary and then some cost efficiency program. 
We are still not seeing large transformation type of program. But given our scale and the needs that 
the banks have and some of our clients where we are seeing good traction, the overall feeling when 
we look at Financial Services, whether it  is capital markets or mortgages, cards and payments, we 
see good traction on the discretionary side. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Okay. My second question was on the TCV side. TCV of this quarter appears a bit on the 
softer side. Would you attribute that to anything specific? Is the  client conversations at this point of 
time on the side pushing the deals out because of the pending U.S. elections? How would you read 
that? And how do you see the deal flow in the coming 2 quarters of the rest of the year? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we have not seen a change in the behavio ur from the Q1 to the Q2 in terms of the deal 
timelines and so on, on large deals. These are, at least in our experience from the past over multiple 
quarters, they are sometimes lumpy. We see some more some quarters, some less because they 
are large deals. That  is where we are looking. So we do  not see any change in the data about it, 
including in the pipeline, which looks good as well. 
Vibhor Singhal 
But we would have liked a better deal flow, I am assuming, for the quarter. Do you see maybe Q3 or 
Q4 deal flow momentum picking up? Or it will again depend on how the macros play out? 

--- PAGE 12 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Salil Parekh 
It will be both. So the deal flow is decent. But sometimes because the size of these deals is quite 
large, sometimes they bunch up in a quarter. Sometimes they spread out a bit. So , we look at it a 
little bit more like over the half over the full year when we look backwards and that way we get them, 
because most of them are driving revenue for the next several years. So , it is not really like they 
convert into a quarterly movement. So, we look at it more in that sort of time horizon. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Okay. Just one question if I could squeeze in for Jayesh. Jayesh, what is the thinking behind 
pushing out the wage hikes to Q3? And I mean, in fact, Q4 and Q1 of next financial year. I mean if I 
understand correctly,  to some part of the organization, we would actually  be skipping  FY '25 
completely in terms of wage hike. So, is this got to do with the overall demand environment or the 
kind of hike that we had given last year, a breakup? Just wanted to pick your brains on that? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, when we look at the compensation hike, we look at various factors, including what is the demand 
environment, what is the market practice, when did we do the last compensation, etc. We have taken 
all of that into account. Our last compensation increase was in November last year. So, this is pretty 
much almost on an anniversary, if you look at it. So that is point number one. 
Point number two, if you look at within this quarter, we have increased our variable pay as well. So 
that is another factor to consider as well, yes. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Thank you so much for answering my question and wish you all the best. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Hi, good evening, and thank you for taking my question. My first question was to understand how is 
the traction on your Gen AI work? So, you have the Topaz platform, which you have launched. You 

--- PAGE 13 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
earlier had for cloud, a similar platform, Cobalt, to build an accelerator to help customers set up the 
new technology. So relative to how it was at that time when Cobalt initially was launched and how it 
was first year of traction in terms of how many customer engagements are happening, how many 
customers signed up for that? Relative to that, how do you see Topaz panning out? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi, So first, on Cobalt, the way it was launched and rolled out, we had very strong partnerships with 
the three big public cloud players and have today but when it was launched as well. We had a very 
strong private cloud offering which we also have expanded. And we had a set of offerings on SaaS 
providers, a range of them. So that was an ecosystem which for enterprises was already in motion. 
And we were already playing on that, and Cobalt brought all of it together. 
In Generative AI for, the enterprise, it is a start, in terms of how it will be adopted. There are, of 
course, as you know, several use cases, some of them with some good traction with clients. But the 
method of adoption, so what we have done here in Topaz, some of the examples that I shared, we 
have created a Generative AI platform, which can be rolled out across a large organization. 
And then the individuals in the organization start to build out their own Gen AI applications on that. 
We are building a small language model. We have a multi -agent framework, where the agents are 
doing or a set of agents are doing full solutions to certain business processes or certain functions. 
So, these are different ways that Generative AI is being rolled out. It is difficult to compare, in that 
sense, the two. We see much deeper capability set that we have rolled out in Generative AI today 
than what we see anywhere else. Our clients are giving us that same view.  
We are also seeing Generative AI a lot in productivity and especially in the deal flow we see today 
in cost takeout. And there, almost every large deal or significant deal even has some Generative AI 
component related to productivity. While not the whole deal is Generative AI, a part of the deal 
becomes Generative AI. So, it is a different way it is creating an impact from what we saw in the 
cloud space. 
Kumar Rakesh 
And any insight on the customer adoption? How many customers have signed up for that? How 
many transactions are happening or how many accelerators you have run on that? 
Salil Parekh 

--- PAGE 14 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
So there, we have not publicly shared that for the Generative AI. What we have shared , at this 
approach we are taking plus that our projects today are not a POC or proof of concept. They  are 
actual projects. While they are small in revenue, delivering impact in that space. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Got it. My second question was, during the press conference, you did talk about the small language 
model for industry-specific use cases and the data that you are working on. My understanding is that 
at least the bigger models that we look around are either for consumer space or for ente rprise 
generally for more of generic use cases, not for industry -specific use cases. This could be a w hite 
space from the product perspective. How do you want to position this in the end market? Would it 
still be just an acc elerator built on top of what the other tools are there? Or you would want to 
eventually look at this as a separate product as well? 
Salil Parekh 
So here, first, if you step back, our views on enterprise AI, Generative AI, large language models will 
also play a part. But in addition, we are working on a small language model. So , it is not one or the 
other.  
The reason for the small language model, we believe we have some very good data sets within 
Infosys. And we are taking some, let us call it, clean data sets from outside the industry and so on. 
These then help train the small language model. 
We are then building it for different industries. And it then becomes deployable in an industry for a 
specific client where they can build or we can help them build on this small language model other 
business applications. So the idea is, it is a new one, we feel we have some level of leadership on 
that. And we have launched this to see where it ends up. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Okay. So this will also work as an accelerator in deployment of AI applications. Is that fair? 
Salil Parekh 
It will also be an accelerator , it will also be a foundation on which other business Generative AI 
applications can be built by the client or by us for the client. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional Equities. 

--- PAGE 15 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Rishi Jhunjhunwala 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question. So, your growth in this quarter as well as last quarter 
has been fairly broad-based across verticals. There has been the commentary that you have given 
also suggests that discretionary is seeing some sort of pickup in some verticals. 
But the guidance that you have  provided for the second half effectively means that there is a 
considerable slowdown in the overall growth momentum. Now I understand there is some bit of 
seasonality that comes through. But given the nature of broad-based growth that you have delivered 
for two consecutive quarters at the midpoint of the guidance not having growth seems to be a little 
bit counterintuitive versus what you have commented on the demand environment. So, I just wanted 
to understand how you are thinking about it. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, if you look at what we have consistently said in the past is our H1 is going to be stronger than 
H2. H2 will have seasonality, which is furloughs, lower working and calendar day in Q3  and lower 
working and calendar day in Q4. 
So, all of that is baked in, in the guidance. Our guidance philosophy has not changed. We run multiple 
models running up to the guidance, which define the bottom, midpoint and the top end of the 
guidance and then we say it as we see it, right? So, at this point in time, this is what we are seeing 
in terms of guidance. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala 
Got it. And just very quickly, given where your utilization levels are right now, is it fair to assume that 
going forward, the hiring trends will largely reflect how you end up growing on revenues as well since 
a lot of the moderation on utilization is probably behind us? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
That is right, Rishi, again. We have always maintained that 84%, 85% is our comfort level utilization. 
We are already above that. So, we do not think at this point in time, there is any significant headroom 
left on that. So, most of our volume growth would come from the net hiring going forward. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Jamie Friedman from Susquehanna International Group. 
Jamie Friedman 

--- PAGE 16 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Congratulations on the continued improvement. A number of the questions you  are getting there 
about what your assumptions are about the seasonality of the year. I know you said in your previous 
answers that you expect the year is typically super seasonal in the first half. 
In terms of what you  are contemplating for the second half, if you could share maybe what your 
assumptions are on, say, the cost takeout narrative versus the discretionary narrative. Is that rate of 
change changing? 
And maybe some color on the verticals because I see it is great to have the two consecutive quarters 
in banking, but the Retail was a little bit more volatile than expected. So, any comments on the typical 
super seasonality and why this year looks a little heavier? thank you 
Salil Parekh 
The way we have seen it is there are two parts to it from what you mentioned. One, in building the 
outlook, we have taken a view of what we see today.  So Financial Services discretionary, we saw 
positive. We have not seen as of now discretionary in the other industries. We saw the continued 
weakness on Retail. And then we saw a little bit new weakness on that automotive in Europe. 
So, all that we took it together, then we created  guidance. So, we have not assumed, for example, 
that some new discretionary will be positive or negative in this Q3, Q4. And the other part of 
seasonality, what Jayesh shared earlier, one is the furloughs in our Q3 , then is the calendar day s 
situation, both in Q3 and we have an additional little bit in Q4. So that is also adding to the way we 
have built this outlook for the full financial year. 
Jamie Friedman 
Perfect. Thanks for the context. I appreciate. I will drop back in the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, you mentioned that the deal pipeline for smaller deals 
which is below $50 mn has sort of improved in double -digits. How has it been in terms of closures 
for current quarters? When the pipeline has improved, how is the closures doing in the current 
quarter? Have you seen that improve as well? that is the first question. 

--- PAGE 17 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
The second question is around this cost of software packages. That seems to have increased on a 
sequential basis. How much of that would have been in third -party versus internal? Is there a 
significant pass-through revenue this quarter was the question around it. So , any color around that 
would be helpful. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So Nitin,  
So, if you look at our large deal closures, I do not think small deals or large deal closures, we have 
not really seen a significant change in the decision-making process per se. As Salil said earlier, both 
our large deals pipeline still remains strong and our smaller deal pipelines have increased double -
digit over the last quarter. 
But we have not really seen a change in the decision-making behavior. By nature, these deals remain 
lumpy, right? So you will see quarters where you will do more, and you will see quarters where you 
will do lesser. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
In terms of closures, there  is no increase in closure s in the current quarter. When the pipeline has 
improved, the closures on less than $50 mn had not really improved in the current quarter. Is that a 
fair way to understand? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
I am saying the closure in terms of the time taken to decision has  not changed. So, the decision-
making process has not changed per se. There is no further delay or delayed closure is what I meant, 
Nitin. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yeah. What I was asking was in terms of the absolute closures in the current quarter, have they 
improved sequentially o r year-on-year is what I was trying to understand in terms of the smaller 
deals. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So look, what we are talking about is Q3 pipeline, which has increased. So, we will have to see 
how the conversion of that increases. But if the pipeline increases, and the win rates remain the 

--- PAGE 18 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
same the closure will definitely increase. Right now, we have not really given color on that Nitin. But 
then what we are talking about is the pipeline, we see a significant increase at this point in time. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Got it.  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Coming to the second question on third party, Nitin, see, third party remains integral part of many of 
our large deals and especially the mega deals. When you take over a large project from a client 
where you are taking over people, technology, the whole solution, you will have third-party costs that 
you will incur, which could be hardware, software, licenses, etc., which will become cost to you and 
become part of the revenue for the client, right , and this is both of that, that third party, we take it 
from the third-party vendors and whatever cost that we incur as well. So , it is all of that. We do not 
really break up that cost further. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Sure that is helpful. Thank you so much. And all the best. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Yeah. So I just wanted to double click on the nature of smaller deals. You had mentioned in the 
prepared remarks that discretionary spend is restricted to certain sub -segments of Financial 
Services. So, in that context, are these smaller deals mostly in those subsectors or these deals are 
also non-discretionary, essentially, smaller POs that the client is releasing against a large lump-sum 
contract? That is my first question. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So Abhishek, these are deals across various verticals and various types of deals. We do  not 
really give further comment on that. Considering the fact that it was a significant movement in the 

--- PAGE 19 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
overall deal pipeline, we did call it out. But we are not really breaking it up into how much of that is 
discretionary, etc. 
Abhishek Kumar 
All right. So okay. Second question is on wage hike. Could you quantify the impact that we should 
bake in from wage hikes in 4Q and in 1Q of next year? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So again, Abhishek, we have not really broken that out. What we have said is we will do that in a 
phased manner as we have done in the earlier years as well. Part of the employees will get it on 
effective 1st January and the balance will get it effective 1st April. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keith from BMO Capital. Please go ahead. 
Keith  
Hi. Thank you very much. I want to ask two questions, if I could? The first is for the annual guidance, 
what is the embedded expectations for the inorganic contributions for the year? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Keith, in the last quarter, when we changed our guidance, we had baked in the entire impact of 
the acquisitions in that. So just to clarify, this guidance range does not have any incremental change 
from the acquisition. This quarter, we got a benefit of 80 basis points from acquisition, which is pretty 
much 2.5 months of the consolidation effect of the acquisition. I mean it would be in similar range for 
Q3 and Q4. 
Keith  
Okay. Perfect. And my second question is, it is interesting what you said about discretionary spend 
coming back in the smaller deals contributing to TCV growth. I just wanted to get your perspective 
on why you think there was a change in this category.  And the reason I ask is, as you said, these 
deals, all deals can be lumpy. And so I am trying to understand what do you think the durability is of 

--- PAGE 20 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
the pipeline increasing in the small category? Do you  think it is sustainable at this point or durable 
as we look out over the next number of quarters? And that is it for me. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
Hi Keith. So first, I think just to make sure I understood the question. So there is a discretionary view 
and the small deals or deals smaller than $50 mn view. And they are let us say, somewhat distinct. 
There is an overlap, but they are two separate type of activities we have referenced in our comments. 
On the deals smaller than $50 mn as Jayesh shared, we saw good increase and thought so it i s 
relevant in that point to share because that gives a different type of a look into the market from what 
we see today. We do not know if it i s durable. Now we will get a sense over the next few quarters 
how it looks or the closing timeline of the deal and like does it stay or does it disappear. But just now, 
it is more to show like there was one of the changes which we felt would be something of interest to 
share like that. 
Keith 
Okay. But that is the category that I was interested in is the smaller de als. But no c omments on 
whether you think it is durable or not, whether it stays in place. Okay. But was there any commonality 
in the type of deals in there? I know you said it was across the in dustry verticals. I heard that, b ut 
any commonality in the type of deals within that smaller category? 
Salil Parekh 
Nothing that we have sort of things that we would share more color on. We had some in terms of the 
areas and so on or which skills or which technologies, but we are not sharing that at this stage. 
Keith 
Okay. All right. That is it for me. Many thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prashant Kothari from Pictet Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Prashant Kothari 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is around this side, like on the new deal wins. This was 
a bit of a soft quarter, but that is okay. I am more kind of concerned about the input on that which is 

--- PAGE 21 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
when I look at the sales and support employees they have kind of gone down by 9% YoY. Can you 
just explain what is happening? Is it more on sales or on support side and whether it has been such 
a large reduction because I think that you still need to keep engagement with your customers high 
so that as and when the discretionary demand picks up then you can actually start winning projects 
also? So how do you k ind of think about that, but is obviously the short -term kind of margin 
management which might have been the right time to do the reduction on the employee side? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Prashant, I think it is just a factor of some attrition, etc. We have a large pipeline of employees 
who are going to be joining us  on the sales as well. So I do no t think there is anything to do with 
margin program here. We will continue investing into sales and as required in the business. 
Prashant Kothari 
So, this is more of a temporary blip, is it like the number of sales people will actually increase in the 
coming quarters? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. And our sales cost has remained , in terms of the dollar value of the cost, it remain ed in the 
range of 4.5% over the many years. I think this is just a small blip. 
Prashant Kothari 
Okay. All right. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja 
Thank you for the opportunity. Question was with regards to the segmental margin performance. If 
you could help us understand the factors that have driven the sharp decline in margins in verticals 
like energy utilities , as well as other segme nts and the improvement that we ha ve seen on the 
manufacturing side? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Hi. There will be multiple factors that will play out across segments in terms of utilization, in terms of 
on-site mix, in terms of the kind of business mix, etc ., the deals that will ramp up intra -quarter. 

--- PAGE 22 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
So,there will be multiple factors that will play out. We do not see a significant change, if we look at it 
on a trend basis for a few quarters. But on a short -term quarter basis, you will see some of these 
factors playing out in terms of margins. 
Manik Taneja 
Sure. And the last one was with regards to wage hikes. While you suggested that they will be effective 
across two periods starting January 1. Could we get some sense on the quantum of wage hikes, the 
likely impact in Q4 and how is that split up across the workforce between January and April? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So we have not really spelled out the quantum of the wage hike at this point in time. All we have 
said is it is going to be in 2 phases. Obviously, the junior employees will get it in January, and the 
rest will get it in April. The majority of the employees should get it in January. 
Manik Taneja 
Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities.  Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Thanks for the opportunity, and  congrats on a good execution. Most of my questions have been 
answered. Just wanted to understand, how to read this double-digit increase in a smaller deal below 
$50 m n. Is it first broad -based across verticals?  And can if it continues as a trend, can it be a 
precursor of a better demand in the calendar year 2025? Why I am asking this is one of the reasons 
for Infosys' better performance in FY'22 and FY'23 has been a lot many conversion of deals which 
were below $50 mn in terms of faster conversion to revenue. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Sandeep, the purpose of sharing this, as I said earlier, is we do share what we see. This was one 
of the interesting, one of the important things we thought is important for the investors to understand 
that we are seeing a change in the smaller deal pipelines, which directly indirectly in some way 
represents the discretionary spend, etc. So that is point number one. 

--- PAGE 23 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
The point number two, of course, if the win rate remains the same and we are able to convert that 
would reflect in terms of revenue in the near term. At this point in time, it is just one data point, very 
difficult to say whether it is going to become a trend, become sustainable, etc. So I think we should, 
at this point in time, read it as one data point. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. And is it broad-based across verticals and markets? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, it is. 
Sandeep Shah 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai 
Thanks for the opportunity, My first question is regarding mega deals. Across the industry, eve n 
when I look at the peers, you ha ve not seen any mega deals being signed. So are there similar 
number of mega deals in the pipeline compared to 2023? Or have the mega deal  number kind of 
come down? That is my first question. 
Salil Parekh 
So on mega deals, we do  not share specific data on what is in the pipeline and not. We only talk 
about the overall large deal approach. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. My second question, TCV to revenue conversion, has that changed versus what it was in the 
previous quarter or 6 months back? That  is question number two.  Question number three is you 
talked about value-based pricing being one of the key levers in Project Maximus. Can you just give 
us some examples as to how this is being practiced right now? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

--- PAGE 24 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited   
Yes. So Girish, coming to your first question on conversion, we have not really seen any significant 
change in terms of signing or in terms of conversion at this point in time. We continue to gain market 
share consistently when we looked at it on a Q-on-Q basis. Coming to Project Maximus and the 
value-based selling, I think there are multiple tracks within that right from the new age pricing that 
tracks on getting the change request wherever we are eligible for getting  the right rates, etc. There 
are multiple of those tracks within that.  We have not really shared data beyond this for obvious 
reasons. But as you could see, the track has contributed significantly in terms of the realization and 
price realization. 
Girish Pai 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thank you, everyone. So first, I want to share in summary, we had a strong quarter on revenue 
growth, margins, cash collections, large deals. So , we feel good about that. That resulted in an 
increase in our revenue growth guidance for the full year, which also gives us good confidence as 
we look into the future. 
Clearly, Financial Services showing continued s trength in discretionary spend , other segments 
remaining about the same with a comment on automotive in Europe becoming a bit slower. We have 
deep, deep capabilities in Generative AI, and these are things where we are building platforms, agent 
solutions, small language models that we believe will be a huge impact with our clients. And we 
continue to see a strong focus on execution across our business, and that remains key for us as we 
go ahead. So, we remain optimistic as to how the year will play out. 
Thank you everyone, for joining in and we look forward to catching up in the next quarterly discussion. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much  members of the Management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 