
--- PAGE 1 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Earnings Conference Call 
July 18, 2024  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller and Head of Investor Relations 
 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Ankur Rudra 
JPMorgan 
 
Keith Bachman 
Bank of Montreal 
 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec 
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Equities 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
Bryan Bergin 
TD Cowen 
 
James Friedman 
Susquehanna International 
 
Sumeet Jain 
CLSA India 
 

--- PAGE 2 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 2   
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Kotak Securities 
 
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim Securities 
 
Girish Pai  
BOB Capital Markets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 3   
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Thanks, Neerav. Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call for Q1 FY'25. Joining us on 
this call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka; and other members of the 
leadership team. We will start the call with some remarks on the performa nce of the company, 
subsequent to which the call will be opened up for questions. 
Please note that anything we say which refers to our outlook for the future is a forward -looking 
statement, which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A full statement 
and explanation of all these risks are available in our fil ings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to everyone on the call. We started the financial 
year with a strong performance in Q1 across multiple dimensions, including broad -based revenue 
growth, expansion of operating margins, strong large deal wins and strong cash generation. 
Our revenues for the quarter grew 3.6% sequentially and 2.5% YoY in constant currency terms. I am 
particularly pleased with 7.9% growth in Financial Services segment where we are seeing 
improvement in client spend in North America. All geographies and most industry groups grew 
sequentially. Volume growth turned positive after several quarters. We also had an improvement in 
realization.  
We had another quarter of strong large deal wins with 34 large deals at a total contract value of $4.1 
bn. Our clients see us as a preferred partner of choice for consolidation, cost takeout and efficiency 
programs. This is also a reflection of our leadership strength. 

--- PAGE 4 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 4   
With the mobilization of our margin program, we see positive impact on our operating metrics and 
pricing. This resulted in our margin expanding by 1 percentage point sequentially. Jayesh will 
elaborate on margin puts and takes later on the call. 
Free cash flow was highest ever at $1.1 bn. Our employee attrition rate was at 12.7%. We continue 
to see strong traction from our clients for Generative AI programs delivered through Topaz. 
Enterprises are focused on their own data sets that can be used in Generative AI large language 
models. 
As an example, we are partnering with a telecommunications leader to transform the product 
engineering practices with AI and to elevate both the customer and employee experience. Another 
example is how we are optimizing and modernizing IT infrastructure se rvices and transforming the 
IT operating model with AI for a leading bank. 
We are helping several of our clients prepare for the AI transformation journey by building strong 
data foundations with robust cloud capabilities using our Cobalt cloud services. Industry analysts 
acknowledge our leadership in the domain of enterprise Gen erative AI. We continue to invest in 
strengthening our AI capabilities and building AI-first solutions for clients. 
During the quarter, we launched Aster, a marketing suite of AI amplified solutions for our clients to 
create brand experiences with enhanced marketing efficiency and accelerated performance 
effectiveness. Our investment in nurturing our global workforce wi th AI -first skills and expertise 
continues as over 270,000 of our employees are now well trained in building a wide range of AI -
powered solutions for our clients. 
We are today uniquely positioned as a digital -first, cloud-first and AI-first brand in the market. And 
our continued differentiation has helped us being recognized around the 100 most valuable brands 
in the world by Kantar BrandZ. We have also been ranked among the most trusted brands across 
U.S. and India. 
Along with our overall robust performance in Q1 and strong opportunity pipeline, we are seeing early 
signs of improvement in Financial Services vertical in the U.S. While discretionary spends continue 
to be under pressure, our highly differentiated offerings around driving efficienc ies at scale and 
transformation capabilities around Generative AI have positioned us well in the market. 
With respect to our recent acquisition of in-tech, we have received the required approvals and have 
closed the acquisition.  

--- PAGE 5 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 5   
Given our strong performance in Q1 and our current outlook, we have revised our revenue growth 
guidance for the full financial year to 3% to 4% growth in constant currency. Our operating margin 
guidance for the financial year remains at 20% to 22%. 
With that, let me hand it over to Jayesh to share his update. Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Salil. Good morning and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call today. 
We entered FY'25 focusing on key strategic priorities, including market share gains to accelerate 
revenue growth and drive margin improvement through Project Maximus. 
I am delighted to highlight results that we have achieved across different business dimensions this 
quarter, including  
- strong and broad -based revenue growth across all geos and most verticals YoY in constant 
currency terms,  
- sequentially positive volume growth after several quarters coupled with improvement in 
realisation 
- Financial Services returned to positive sequential growth after six quarters with 7.9% growth in 
constant currency terms 
- 34 large deals signed during the quarter, which is a record number of deals in any quarter, large 
deal TCV at $4.1 bn, including 58% net new.. 
-  Deal pipeline continues to remain strong  
- 1% operating margin expansion sequentially  
- improvement in operating parameters including 1.8% increase in utilization and lowest on -site 
mix in 10 quarters  
- highest ever free cash flow generation in the quarter with free cash flows normalized for tax 
refunds at 104% of net profit  
- fifth consecutive quarter of reduction in unbilled  
- attrition has remained stable and  
- increase in return on equity by 1.5% Q oQ to 33.6% primarily resulting from higher payouts to 
investors 
With that, let me now elaborate with details.  
Revenue for Q1 was $4.7  bn, up 3.6% sequentially and 2.5% year -on-year in constant currency 
terms. This included benefit from improved realization from one-timers of 0.5%.  

--- PAGE 6 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 6   
Operating margin improved by 1% sequentially to 21.1% led by 1.4% improvement in gross margins 
on account of strong operating performance across different dimensions. The major components of 
sequential margin walk are as follows:  
Tailwinds of 2.2% comprising of normalization of Q4 one -timers of 1%, 0.8% benefit from Project 
Maximus largely from higher utilization and value -based selling, 0.4% from the improvement in 
realization mentioned above, partly offset by headwinds of 1.2% fro m higher variable pay, higher 
leave costs, offset by currency and others. 
We continue to drive Project Maximus across the organization with strong intensity. Headcount at 
the end of the quarter stood at over 315,000 with utilization further increasing to 85.3%. LTM attrition 
was stable at 12.7%. 
Unbilled revenues dropped for the fifth consecutive quarter to $1.7 bn. Free cash flows for the quarter 
was highest ever at $1,094  mn, a sequential increase of 29%. DSO for the quarter was 72 days 
compared to 71 days in Q4. 
Consolidated cash and cash equivalents stood at $4.3 bn after factoring in payout of $1.4 bn towards 
dividend declared in Q4. Consequently, return on equity increased sequentially to 33.6%. Yield on 
cash balances were at 7% in Q1. 
ETR for the quarter was 29.4%, which is in line with our expectation for the year. EPS grew by 7% 
in INR and by 5.4% in dollar terms on a YoY basis.  
We closed 34 large deals with TCV of $4.1 bn, 58% of this was net new. Vertical-wise, we signed 8 
deals each in Retail and Communication, 6 in EURS, 5 in Financial Services, 4 in Manufacturing, 2 
in Hi-Tech and 1 in Life Sciences. Region-wise, we signed 21 large deals in America, 12 in Europe 
and 1 in ROW. 
Coming to verticals,  
BFSI returned to positive growth after six quarters led by ramp -ups of large deals and absence of 
one-off of last quarter. In the U.S., we see some recovery in areas like mortgage, capital markets 
and cards and payments. Overall, clients still remain cautious on spending and are focusing to deliver 
maximum business value through deals combining transformation, technology and operations. 
Pipeline remains strong, and we are working with the clients to accelerate their adoption of Gen AI 
for modernizing legacy platforms, fraud detection, credit process simplification, etc. 
In Manufacturing, growth was broad -based across geographies and sub verticals like industrial, 
automotive and aerospace. While pressure on discretionary spends persist, we see increased 

--- PAGE 7 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 7   
benefits of vendor consolidation, opportunities around resolving supply chain bottlenecks and 
rationalizing infrastructure and applications.  We see strong interest on Gen AI with deep client 
engagements. Our capability and pipeline in the engineering space will be solidified by the acquisition 
of in-tech, which will help us accelerate the segment growth in FY'25. 
Growth in Communication was led by ramp -up of recent large deal wins. Overall environment, 
however, remains cautious with continued opex pressure and delayed decision -making. Telcos, 
despite challenges, are navigating their way by focusing on rapid digitiz ation and reprioritization of 
spends. 
Uncertainties in Retail sector continued with clients focusing on cost take outs to fund their business 
transformation journey. There are opportunities around areas like customer and employee 
experience, predictive analytics, digital marketing and landscape modernization. While the pipeline 
remains healthy, decision cycles continue to stay elongated. 
Environment in EURS continues to be impacted by high interest rates and geopolitical conflicts, 
which are influencing the spend patterns. While pressure on discretionary spends persist, our 
differentiation in areas like energy transition, integration business and human experience is helping 
us build a strong pipeline. 
Hi-tech vertical continues to remain soft.  
Driven by a strong all-round performance in Q1, improvement in U.S. Financial Services, strong large 
deal closures and in -tech acquisition, we are increasing the revenue guidance to 3% to 4% in 
constant currency terms. We are maintaining our operating margin guidance at 20% to 22%. 
And with that, we can open the call for the questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Hi, thank you, and good to see very good numbers after a while. Just wanted to get a sense of, Salil, 
what is the breakup of the very strong momentum this quarter, if you could, between the large deals 
that you have won over the last year? Any kind of improvement in execution of short-cycle business 
or discretionary business and potentially better execution? And also when you answer that, if you 
can talk about how client conversations are changing, if there is anything turning a bit more positive, 

--- PAGE 8 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 8   
and any change in the momentum on the short-cycle deals, but large deals you can see is going on 
very strongly? Thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Ankur. The view on discretionary or short cycle, what we are seeing is in Financial Services 
in the U.S., we have seen that shift that we have highlighted, and we saw that during the quarter. 
Outside of that, the discretionary still remains similar to where we were , when we started the year, 
which is still in a difficult situation. So that is the one that we have seen the change in. 
The client conversations, in general, there is a lot of talk and discussion with Generative AI, but the 
programs, even though they are not POCs, the actual projects are not large revenue projects. And 
transformation is not so much what we are seeing. So even in a large deal, the vast majority is still 
cost takeout, efficiency, consolidation, automation, that type of work. 
And in some instances, where there is the transformation – these are funded massively through cost 
takeout. So, it is not really large spends there. So that is how we are seeing the discretionary work 
at this time. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you. And from here on, you have seen this change in Financial Services. In your client 
conversations, do you sense there is anything in particular, clients, especially in maybe the hi-tech 
space or energy and utility where you have highlighted, problems still persist or even manufacturing, 
which might change the client behaviour, maybe not this year, but into next year. What are the main 
things clients may be waiting for? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, first on energy, utilities, we have had a good outcome last year. We have seen similar 
discussions now, not a huge change. Manufacturing again, good outcome last year, will be decent 
growth this year but just slower than last year. It is not like a big, big change there. 
On hi-tech, it is still difficult as you point out. I do not know what the trigger could be. Of course, on 
a macro level, there is, not with clients, but generally speaking, a view that if U.S. inflation and interest 
rate and all of those discussions change, that will change something. But we do not know what will 
that trigger be. 
Ankur Rudra 

--- PAGE 9 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 9   
Okay. I appreciate it. Maybe just one question for Jayesh. Jayesh, great performance on the margins. 
Could you maybe talk about how do you think about the puts and takes from here on? Utilization, 
especially including trainees, seems to be high. I guess that indicates fewer trainees in the system. 
What sort of headwind will we see from there? 
Secondly, I am guessing there will be wage hikes some point in the next couple of quarters. So how 
are you thinking about what will help you maintain, if not improve, margins from here on and extend 
Project Maximus? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So Ankur, thank you for that first. And if you look at the Project Maximus and we have talked 
about the five pillars of Project Maximus, many of them are starting to show results. VBS, which is 
value-based selling, is one of them, efficient pyramid, utilization and other factors are other part of it. 
Lean and automation is the third piece in that. 
So, there are many of these tracks which are showing results, and we still believe there is more meat 
there. Of course, if you look at the headwinds, you will have a comp review at some point in time 
during the year that could be a headwind. 
We have – at this point in time have not decided the timing, etc., of that. So that would be a headwind. 
Some of the large deals that we have signed, the transition and ramp-up of that would be a headwind. 
So, we will have to balance that as we go through the year. At this point in time, we are very confident 
of our margin guidance. 
Ankur Rudra 
Appreciate it. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keith from BMO. Please go ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Hi. Thank you very much. First, I wanted to get some additional feedback on Financial Services. You 
indicated that you thought that business outcomes or business energy had improved. I just wanted 
to hear a little bit more about that. It is certainly something we have not heard from some of our 
software-related companies. But what do you thi nk is the driver of the improvement in Financial 
Services in particular? 

--- PAGE 10 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 10   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Keith, there, if you look at our commentary on that, we are seeing some recovery in U.S. Financial 
Services, specifically in the areas like mortgages, capital markets and cards payments and the larger 
clients there. So, we are seeing some volumes coming in and some recovery – some early signs of 
recovery in those areas. 
Keith Bachman 
Do you think that is Infosys  or do you think that – in other words, are you winning share in those 
accounts, or do you think that is a more broader base in, say, North American banks that there is a 
general trend towards recovery in spend? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, it is a combination of various factors. There are instances where we are consolidating. There are 
instances where we have won new and larger businesses. As I talked about, some of the large deals 
wins also in the Financial Service sector. So, I think there are multiple combination of those factors 
in that. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. And then just on the margin guide, in terms of puts and takes, you highlighted some on the 
previous question. But you  closed the deal with adding almost $200 mn in revenue on a run rate 
basis. How is that impacting margins and/or any other issues you want to call out, including any 
comments on FX impact as you see it today in terms of margins? And that is it for me. Thank you 
very much. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Keith, t he acquisition that we have done , compared to the size of the company , is relatively 
smaller to have a material margin impact. And as you have seen from our filings also, the in-tech is 
coming with healthy margins and there are opportunities, etc., in synergies. 
Coming to the forex, the forex has remained range bound for the last couple of quarters. So at this 
point in time, we do not really see an impact. But as you will appreciate, forex is range bound. I 
mean, forex is unpredictable, and it can have the margin benefit or impact depending on which way 
it goes. But at this point in time, it is remaining range bound. 
Keith Bachman 

--- PAGE 11 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 11   
Okay. All right. Perfect. Many thanks. Congratulations on solid results. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Operator 
Next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Hi. Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. My first question was for Jayesh, just a 
clarification. So during the press briefing, you talked about 40 bps of one -off impact in the margins. 
So, can you just help us understand the revenue and the margin impact coming out of that? And I 
understand it is a recovery which you have made from one of the customers based in India, if that is 
correct? Thanks. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So that is right. This is for a customer base in India. It is one-off in the revenue, and therefore, 
most of that has flown into margin directly. So , 0.5% on revenue pretty much impacting 40 bps o n 
margin. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Got it. Thanks for that. My second question was, Salil, for hyperscalers, we are seeing the growth is 
accelerating and also the AI demand especially for some of the chip makers such as NVIDIA has 
been quite strong. So , it does not seem like the discretionary demand is entirely missing in the 
market. So , is there a transformation in the underlying business mix which is happening where 
possibly discretionary demand for now at least is moving towards platform and hardware makers 
and not coming to services companies? 
Salil Parekh 
So, there the view we have is what we saw, and we have highlighted so far. The shift in Financial 
Services in the U.S. shows that some of that type of demand is coming now. We will wait and see 
across all the industries , whether it is what you are describing , or whether tech services project 
discretionary work also comes back or whether there will be transformation programs in tech which 
will also come. 

--- PAGE 12 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 12   
We are definitely seeing more and more discussions in enterprises on Generative AI programs. 
Jayesh also shared a couple of examples. I shared a couple of examples. And these are not POCs, 
these are actual projects where we are participating. So we do see that. My own sense is this U.S. 
FS is one data point. We will wait and see what some of the other data points look like. 
Kumar Rakesh 
So, Salil, what I was trying to understand was that is there a decoupling of discretionary demand 
which is happening or is this a sequence in which we will see first the hardware and platform makers 
getting the discretionary demand and eventually coming to services?  So, is that a decoupling or a 
sequence of event which eventually comes to services as well? What do you think would be the 
chain of events? 
Salil Parekh 
That is difficult to say. So again , it is just this year, one quarter, what we saw was that in Financial 
Services U.S. some of that discretionary work is there. Whether it was decoupled or following on 
from something, difficult to say but we did see some evidence of that. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Thanks a lot for that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yes, hi. Good evening. Congrats on the quarter. I just wanted your thoughts on , one, the Financial 
Services space. You did mention that you saw growth from mortgages, card s, payments and 
obviously capital markets. When you think of the sustainability of this recovery, how should we think 
about it, because mortgages, for it to continue to give you a delta would require rates to come down 
meaningfully? And from a cards perspective, it looks like delinquencies in the U.S. are rising. So it is 
like a mixed data point that we see on the outside, but just wanted your thoughts on how are you 
thinking about the sustainability of the recovery on the Financial Services space? And then I had one 
more quick question? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

--- PAGE 13 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 13   
So, Nitin, what we are seeing right now is early signs , as I said, of recovery. Of course, it is early 
signs, so we do not know how sustainable at this point in time it is going to remain, but the fact that 
we saw volume growth after many quarters, we saw strong growth in our Financial Services after 
again six-odd quarters. So I think those are the positives that we are taking. We are seeing large 
deals, both the ones that we have signed and the ones there in the pipeline. So all of that put together 
gives us a little bit of confidence on that . But yes, we have to see more data points to see how the 
year progress. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
So one of your smaller peers characterized it as Financial Services who have sort of stalled multiple 
projects in the past and having not spent for almost six quarters having to make those spend because 
that is causing problems and thereby that is seeing a pickup with short-cycle projects on those deals. 
Would you characterize it similarly? Are you seeing something similar? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
I would not say that , Nitin, to be very honest. We are seeing this not specific to one -off clients. It 
could be limited to one-off clients for that player, I cannot comment on that, but we are not seeing it 
concentrated on one client, etc. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
All right. And lastly on the guidance , I think if we include the acquisition and normalize the earlier 
guidance for the acquisition , I think the earlier guidance would have been in the 2% to 4% range. 
Now it looks like they have narrowed it to 3% to 4%, including the acquisition on both cases despite 
the strong beat in the current quarter. So, is it just that you are being very watchful and careful about 
it or is there something more to it that you specifically worry about? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Nitin, there we do not really break up the guidance into what is organic and what is for a specific 
acquisition that we have done. Having said that, if you look at our filings, the in-tech revenue for last 
year was €170 mn and we have just closed it. So we will only get part of that revenue. So  you can 
do a back of the envelope calculation and the rest of it is going to be all the factors that Salil talked 
about, the Q1 performance including large deal wins, the volume and U.S. Financial Services while 
the discretionary still continues to remain challenging. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 

--- PAGE 14 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 14   
Perfect. That is all from my end. Thank you and all the best.  
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a very solid start to the financial 
year. Salil, two questions from my side. One is we have seen that almost all verticals have done 
really well for us this quarter but for the Retail sector. I think Retail sector is something which is like 
in the almost entire industry, of your peers also, have kind of spoken about it. What is the outlook on 
this sector? I mean what do you think the clients are waiting for to restart their spends and where 
could those spends be coming in terms of the domains that we are looking at ? And then I have a 
follow-up question? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Vibhor, There I think it is a sectoral challenge at this point in time. The whole sector is going 
through challenges, and it is not specific to us. And as Salil was mentioning earlier, one of the factors 
could be U.S. interest rates recovering, etc., but it is hard to predict what will lead to recovery in the 
sector at this point in time. 
Vibhor Singhal 
I mean just to dwell a little bit further on that, what exactly is – I mean so we know that because the 
macro-overhang is on most of the BFSI companies and all. At this point of time any specific thing 
that you think would be a trigger apart from let us say – I mean of course the interest rate that you 
mentioned that could possibly see these companies reverting their spend or difficult to call out that 
again? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Retail typically has higher exposure to discretionary as well, right, and that is going to be linked 
to the macro environment largely, Vibhor. So, I think that would be one of the key reasons. Otherwise 
outside of that we are winning deals. If you look at this quarter also, we have won eight large deals 
in Retail as well, but the discretionary spending has to come back. 

--- PAGE 15 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 15   
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. My second question is I think at the end of the last quarter , we had mentioned that we are 
expecting the first half to be better than the second half . Any change in that outlook given the deal 
win in this quarter has been quite strong ? So if those were to slightly ramp up in the second half , 
would it be correct to say that maybe we can expect second half to be slightly better than what we 
were expecting it three months ago? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Vibhor, two parts there. We still continue to believe our first half is going to be better than the 
second half. And Q1 is just a testimony of that. From that perspective, we have delivered from there. 
Of course, the fact that we have increased guidance is also a  proof that we are seeing the three 
quarters better than what we envisaged earlier. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish you all the best. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Vibhor. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Salil, the first question is for you. On revenue, it looks like it has surprised you positively which is why 
you have raised the guidance. So , is it led by the ramp -up on the deals happening faster than you 
expected? Is it led by leakage in the discretionary improving compared to the last few quarters that 
you have seen? 
Salil Parekh 
So, the way this quarter has gone , what we have seen is the volumes have been strong. We have 
then seen that change in the Financial Services in the U.S. which has given us more positive outcome 

--- PAGE 16 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 16   
for the quarter. Then some of the work that we are doing in terms of working with our clients on value 
and pricing has also translated overall into the mix for our revenue. And then the way we saw the 
outlook, as we did some of the large deals in this quarter which was a good outcome, and that gives 
us a little bit more visibility into the year. So all of those things led us to look at this as being a stronger 
outcome. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Got it. Any reason to believe that this momentum could decelerate in the near term, any data point 
to suggest that or as of now you would expect the momentum to continue from a near -term 
perspective? 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we have done is we have taken what we have seen in this quarter across the different 
industries and service offerings and then put in, as Jayesh shared, what is more typical which is our 
second half is usually lower than our first half. And with that we have created the outlook for the year, 
but we did not take into account any other trigger beyond what I just shared. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Thank you. Last question for Jayesh. What would be the incremental levers for margins from here 
on, utilization is near peak, subcon has already stabilized. Just trying to understand what could be 
the additional levers over the coming quarters? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Gaurav, if you look across all the pillars of Maximus , there are multiple of them firing. Value -based 
selling we have seen -- as we talked earlier, we have seen improvement in realization. So that is one 
lever we do have, we continue to have. We did talk about hiring some freshers as we go through the 
year so that would help in getting some better role ratios or better role mixes, etc., nearshoring, lean 
automation. So there are multiple levers we still have to improve or offset the headwinds. The 
headwinds that we see as today , as I said earlier, again, is comp -- which decision we will take as 
we progress through the year and the ramp up of the deals won towards the end of last year as well 
as this quarter. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator 

--- PAGE 17 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 17   
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Bergin 
Hi. Good evening. Thank you. First question I had is on Generative AI. Can you provide some detail 
on how Gen AI may be impacting your delivery productivity and whether it may be changing any 
nature of the contracting conversations with clients yet? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the question. On delivery and Generative AI, so what we have done, we have taken all 
of our service lines and start to put in place the impact of Generative AI and broadly AI into this. And 
that change is ongoing.  A lot of it has happened. Where we are seeing some of the benefits on 
delivery relate to areas, for example, software development or process optimization. There is also a 
large benefit on productivity for more customer service type of areas that we have al ready 
demonstrated through. We do not have a lot of footprint on that within our current mix, but we know 
for new work, that is something that is being discussed with clients.  
In each of these for the contracting, the way our clients are looking at it within their own enterprise 
on their own data set, when there is a client where we see and where they have, let us say, for 
software development, a single uniform approach across t he whole company, which is not that 
frequent because of acquisitions and different decisions in different divisions and department, then 
the range of benefits is potentially higher. 
And the contracting discussions are around what of those benefits will accrue with the client. So a 
lot of these discussions are in that spirit. There is some benefits that accrue to us and some to the 
client. But there are very few clients within their ow n data sets, which have large consistent tech 
landscape, which can give the full benefit of Generative AI right away. 
Many clients also need that data infrastructure to be put in place where sometimes that is not in place 
today between structured and unstructured data. So , the work actually starts with building a data 
program when they are able to spend that on a data program and then to have the cloud capability 
in place so that part of the data, part of the apps is on the cloud for the client. 
So the discussion is typically on here the roadmap for Generative AI in an enterprise, given the 
landscape of tech. And here are the first steps, data and cloud. And then here is something that can 
actually deliver impact today, which could be more, let us  say, a smaller area of the company. But 
these are all discussions which are done which eventually relate to how contracting is done. 
Bryan Bergin 

--- PAGE 18 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 18   
Okay. That is helpful. Thank for the color. My follow-up's a clarification just on the 1Q onetime item. 
I think you cited 40 bps quarter -over-quarter op margin benefit and a similar revenue impact. Was 
that expected in your prior guidance? Or was that a surprise or a new item that was not expected 
before on the plan? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
That was not expected on prior guidance. That was a new item. 
Bryan Bergin 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna International.  
Please go ahead. 
James Friedman 
Hi good evening. Let me echo the congratulations. Salil, in terms of banking, is the improvement 
contemplated to continue? 
Salil Parekh 
In terms of what, sorry? 
Moderator 
James sorry, a little louder, please? 
James Friedman 
I am sorry. In terms of the banking vertical, the BFSI vertical, is the growth contemplated to continue? 
Salil Parekh 
So, what we see today is this change in the U.S. Financial Services. The way we have constructed 
our outlook is we are assuming that that will be the way it will progress. So we have not assumed 
that it will change. We have not also assumed that it will become much larger. 
We have also not assumed that this will move to some other geography in Financial Services. So we 
do not know, but that is what the assumption is into our guidance. All the client discussions seem to 

--- PAGE 19 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 19   
indicate that U.S. Financial Services, we will have this sort of a traction, but that is the way we built 
our outlook. 
James Friedman 
Got it. Thank you. And then in terms of Europe, it has been an important source of growth for the 
company this cycle. Could you unpack some of the trends that you are seeing in Europe? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
On Europe, so what we are seeing is different things in different places. So for example, in the Nordic 
countries, we have had good traction over the last few quarters and even a little bit before in how we 
have engaged with clients. And we have seen some good expansion of our large deal programs. 
We have seen some of that in Continental Europe broadly. If you look at some of the large deals 
across Telco, we have seen that a different type of a positive traction in Germany where we are 
seeing some of our local Europe competitors are having more constraints and where we are 
benefiting from those constraints as we are expanding. So it is different in different geographies and 
our focus or even industry, our focus has been to be a little bit more fine tuned into that market and 
then try to get the benefit of it. 
James Friedman 
Got it. Thank you Salil. I will just get back into the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sumeet Jain from CLSA India. Please go ahead. 
 
Sumeet Jain 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So firstly, I wanted to check in your previous guidance of 1% to 3% 
you gave in April, was in-tech acquisition part of the guidance? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Sumeet, this is Jayesh here. We had clearly called out at that point in time that in-tech acquisition 
is not part of it because it was pending approval from various regulatory authorities. 
Sumeet Jain 

--- PAGE 20 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 20   
Right. So maybe in-tech acquisition now being closed and the 50-basis point impact on revenue in 
India business, can one assume these are the two primary factors for your revision in the guidance? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Not necessarily. Again, as I said we do not break out our guidance between the in-tech and non-in-
tech from that perspective. But if you look at the numbers that we printed, when we announced the 
acquisition of in-tech, revenue was around €170 mn. 
And it is only going to be part of the year considering we just concluded or closed the transaction. 
And there are other factors, our Q1 performance, volume, Financial Services growth, offset by the 
continuing softness in the discretionary part of the business. 
Sumeet Jain 
Got it. That is helpful. And secondly, I wanted to check your cost line item, the third-party items you 
bought for service delivery is significantly down this quarter, almost 1 percentage point of your 
revenue and are also down on an absolute level. So can you just give us a sense as to from the book 
keeping perspective, how to look at this line expense item going forward? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So there Sumeet, as we have said earlier as well, the third-party hardware/software cost is an integral 
part of many of the large deals where we take over turnkey projects from the clients, including 
technology landscape out there. And that is, therefore, dependent on the kind of deals and how the 
ramp up or ramp down of deal s happen across the quarter. So , it is going to be, to that extent, 
dependent on which deals and how it ramps up and down. 
Sumeet Jain 
Got it. And lastly just on the India business, can you give us a sense what kind of project it was 
because it is a pretty sharp jump we have seen this quarter. So any large deal ramp -up we are 
seeing there or some government contract, what exactly the nature of this onetime impact? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Sumeet there first of all, the India business is relatively much smaller. So anything that happens 
in that business shows up in percentage, comes much larger. But having said that, it was a onetime 
impact on one of our India clients and it is one-off. So, I think we should just take it as one-off. 
Sumeet Jain 

--- PAGE 21 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 21   
Got it. Thanks for the opportunity and all the best.  
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Hi, thank you everyone. Great to see well -rounded performance congratulations. Just a couple of 
questions. First is for Jayesh. That 40 bps recovery that you see, does it show up in either ECL or 
provision for post-sales client support? It is just basically a direct flow-through from revenue? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
It is 50 bps on revenue, Kawal, which is impacting 40 bps on margins. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
And basically, does it time with provision for post -sales client support? That something which is 
separate? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
No, it is separate. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Yes. Second thing is wage revision. I guess the cycle of wage revision was changed last year. Do 
we get back into wage revision cycle, which is a lot more normalized, which is, let us say, starting 
second quarter or is that something on which you have not taken a call yet? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So if you recall, Kawal, last year, we did our wage revisions effective November. So at this point in 
time, we have not really decided. We are evaluating, considering all the factors that we always 
consider including the inflation, including when was the la st wage revision taken, the environment, 
the macro environment as well as the peer practice. 
And we will take a call considering all of these factors. Having said that, as I called out in our margin 
walk also, we have increased our variable pay during the quarter versus last year as well as last 
quarter. 

--- PAGE 22 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 22   
Kawaljeet Saluja 
That is very helpful. A final question is, Jayesh, for you and Salil. Both of you have articulated the 
fact that you want the profitability to improve in the medium term. And then there are a number of 
structural levers that will be utilized to drive that expansion. What kind of an environment and what 
kind of levers does one need to see to gain that directional comfort of profitability improvement from 
here on as such? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Kawal, if you look at our margin walks across the last three, four quarters since we launched the 
Project Maximus, you would see consistently the contribution from the Project Maximus across 
various pillars from L&A, Lean and Automation, from value-based selling, on the pyramid, etc. things 
like that. 
So you have seen that, and our endeavor is to continuously focus on all of that. At this point in time, 
they are offsetting the headwinds to a large extent. The endeavor is to more than offset the 
headwinds in the mid-term. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Okay. Thanks. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jonathan Lee 
Great evening, and thanks for taking our questions. A lot of moving parts here... 
Moderator 
Jonathan, sorry to interrupt you. May I request you to speak a little louder, please? 
Jonathan Lee 

--- PAGE 23 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 23   
Great. A lot of moving parts here on the margin side. Can you remind us how we should be thinking 
about seasonality through the year, especially as you think about the impact from Project Maximus 
and large deal ramps? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Jonathan, on margin one of the headwinds would be comp decision as and when we take. There 
are seasonality in our business model, which is furloughs that impact us in Q3 and Q4. That also 
impacts both pricing to some extent and margin, therefore. But those are the large seasonalit y that 
we have in our model. Outside of that, our margins are going to be dependent on our acceleration 
on Project Maximus as well as the revenue and volume growth, which helps us flattening our pyramid 
and therefore, benefit from the pyramid. 
Jonathan Lee 
I appreciate that color. And second, can you help us think through what is contemplated in your 
outlook, both at the low and at the high end as it relates to vertical performance based on expected 
large deal ramps or what is in your pipeline? 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Jonathan, sorry, your question did not come in quite as clearly. Would you repeat that, please? 
 
 
Jonathan Lee 
Can you help us think through what is contemplated in your outlook as it relates to vertical 
performance based on expected large deal ramps and what is in your pipeline, both at the low end 
and at the high end of the range? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So there, Jonathan, it is very difficult to call out which vertical performance will end up to low end 
and high end of our range. I think we have done various models internally to get to the margin band. 
Some of them get us to the lower end of the band, and some of the assumptions will get us to the 
higher end of the band. I do not think there is any secular segment that is going to drive either way. 
Jonathan Lee 

--- PAGE 24 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 24   
Appreciate the color. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai 
Thanks for the opportunity. The 3% to 4% guidance, if I do my math, comes to about 1% to 1.5% 
CQGR from here on. It seems way too conservative because that also includes the in -tech 
acquisition. So, are you assuming that the 2H FY'25 is going to be pretty bad? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Girish, there, let me give a little more color on the math. If you look at the first quarter, our Y oY 
growth has been 2.5%. And 50 bps, as I said, of that is one -off. So that is the first point. We have 
always maintained that our H1 is going to be better than the H2 and that the guidance bakes in on 
that. And then there is in-tech. So all of that put together makes up for a guidance of 3% to 4%. 
Girish Pai 
The next question is on U.S. Financial Services. Do you think this is more Infosys-specific situation? 
Do you think this is much more broad-based that the other vendors who have U.S. Financial Services 
exposure would also be doing well? This is something very specific to you? 
 
Salil Parekh 
So, this is Salil. So difficult for us to say like for the other companies. We can see that some of that 
benefit on Financial Services , in card s, in payments. We see some of the benefits which came 
through with some of our clients. I am not able to tell if it is just Infosys or not. We do feel we have a 
very strong set of capabilities from digital, cloud, Generative AI, cost and efficiency. So, we do see 
much more connect with clients, but it is difficult to say for the others. 
Girish Pai 
If I may squeeze in one last question. Salil, you mentioned that interest rates are one factor which 
would probably be driving demand. So, are the customers looking at the start of a cutting cycle? Are 
they looking at a certain level of Fed funds rate before they kind of start spending in a much bigger 
fashion? 

--- PAGE 25 ---
 
 
External Document © 2024 Infosys Limited 25   
Salil Parekh 
So there, I think my point in the prior comment was more on what is the macro environment. So first, 
we do not know if that is a trigger or is not a trigger. We are typically seeing the large digital program. 
The last program even now with Generative AI, clients are still not ready to launch on them. So, the 
more specific point you make, difficult for us to take a view on that. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Salil Parekh 
So thank you, everyone, for joining us. It is really wonderful to get all the questions. We are delighted 
with the strong first quarter growth, margin, cash, large deals, volume. So very good to see that 
outcome for our business. We have a good outlook. So , the change in guidance gives a sense of 
what we see in the outlook, 3% to 4% growth. We hold the margin 20% to 22%. Good to see Financial 
Services in the U.S. have that change. 
We feel extremely strong in what we are building in Generative AI. And we can see the traction to 
that in the projects and programs we are doing. And we believe we are well positioned really as a 
company, where we are benefiting from a variety of areas, whether it is in digital, whether it is in 
cloud, whether it is in technology transformation or cost efficiency. 
All of these are something that we can support our clients with, and we remain well positioned to do 
that through this year and into the future. So, thank you again for joining us and catch up at the next 
quarter call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys, that concludes this confe rence. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 