
--- PAGE 1 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 1   
  
                                                 
                                                           Infosys Limited  
Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference Call 
April 17, 2025  
   
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
 
Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Financial Controller & Head of Investor Relations 
 
ANALYSTS  
 
Ankur Rudra 
JP Morgan 
 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
 
Abhishek Pathak 
Motilal Oswal 
 
Gaurav Rateria 
Morgan Stanley 
 
Jonathan Lee 
Guggenheim Partners 
 
Keith Bachman 
BMO Capital 
 
Surendra Goyal 
Citigroup 
 
Abhishek Kumar 
JM Financial 
 
Sandeep Shah 
Equirus Securities 
 
 

--- PAGE 2 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 2   
 
Vibhor Singhal 
Nuvama Institutional Equities 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Investec India 
 
Manik Taneja 
Axis Capital 
 
Ashwin Mehta 
Ambit Capital 
 
Girish Pai 
BOB Capital Markets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 3   
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Infosys Limited Q4 FY'25 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you and over to Mr. Mahindroo. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call for Q4 and FY'25. Joining us on this earnings 
call is CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Jayesh Sanghrajka and other members of the 
leadership team.  We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company , 
subsequent to which the call will be opened up for questions. 
Kindly note that anything we say which refers to our outlook for the future is a forward -looking 
statement that must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A full statement and 
explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks, Sandeep. Good evening and good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining us on this 
call. We had an excellent financial year 2025. Our revenues grew at 4.2% in constant currency terms. 
Our operating margin was 21.1%. We generated $4.1 bn in free cash flow and we had $11.6 bn in 
large deals. 
In Q4, we had year -on-year growth of 4.8% and operating margin of 21%. We are seeing growing 
demand from clients to partner with them on AI, they  are moving from a use case-based approach 
to an AI-led transformational approach with AI agents playing a critical role. We  are working on AI 
projects by bringing Infosys Topaz, a generative and edge AI-powered services and solutions for 
their benefit. Our AI work spans a wide spectrum of priority areas like process improvement, 
engineering, customer service, cybersecurity and employee productivity. 
We are helping a large U.S. financial services company navigate the AI transformation to deliver 
hyperpersonalized conversational AI-powered customer experience with accuracy of over 80%.  

--- PAGE 4 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 4   
We are working with a Europe -based company to create master solution , driving multiple AI -first 
transformation projects, i.e. automating 70% of their process landscape.  
We continue with our strategic expansion with acquisitions, one in energy consulting space in the 
U.S., one in cybersecurity in Australia and with a new strategic partner joining our joint venture in 
Japan. All of these are areas of interest and strategic focus for the company. 
We have a set of capabilities that support our clients in their growth areas related to AI, cloud and 
digital and in their efficiency areas related to automation, cost reduction, lean and consolidation. 
Based on what we are seeing in the environment today and building on large deal wins in the past 
quarters, our guidance for growth for financial year '26 is 0% to 3% in constant currency terms. The 
environment is uncertain and we will execute our plans with agility , while keeping a close watch on 
events as they unfold. Our margin guidance for financial year 2026 is 20% to 22%. 
With that, let me pass it on to Jayesh for his views. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Salil. Good morning, good evening, everyone and thank you for joining the call today.  
We entered financial year '25 with significant uncertainties relating to interest rates, elections in large 
geos and geopolitical situations. Over the course of the year, reduction in uncertainties, our strong 
market position, reflecting in robust deal wins and improvement in discretionary spend in financial 
services led to better growth than our initial projections. 
A year ago, I started my journey as the CFO of Infosys with a vision to increase our market share, 
strengthen collaboration with business, drive Project Maximus to expand operating margins and 
improve cash flow. I  am very glad that we have been able to achieve success in each of these 
parameters. 
Let me start by talking about the key highlights for the quarter and the year.  
1. We closed the year with revenues at $19.3 bn, a growth of 4.2% in constant currency terms 
and 3.9% in reported terms. Acquisitions contributed 80 basis points to the growth in financial 
year '25. 
2. Financial Services, EURS and Manufacturing grew above company average for the year. 
3. I am particularly glad that operating margins for the financial year improved 50 basis points 
over FY'24 to 21.1 % after absorbing multiple headwinds. This has been a key focus area 
over the last year and I will elaborate over this later. 

--- PAGE 5 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 5   
4. Sequentially, revenue declined by 3.5% in constant currency terms due to reduction in third-
party costs and seasonal weakness. Approximately, two-third of the sequential revenue drop 
was due to reduction in third party with the decline being higher than our expectation. Balance 
one-third drop was due to volume decline and lower calendar and working day driven by Q4 
seasonality. 
5. Revenue increased by 4.8% on a year -on-year basis in constant currency terms in Q4. 
Europe grew 3x of the company rate at 15% in constant currency terms driven by our focused 
approach of client mining, ramp-up of large deals and acquisitions. Europe now accounts for 
30% of our revenues. 
6. Financial Services and Manufacturing grew double digit year -on-year at 12.6% and 14%, 
respectively in constant currency terms.  
7. In Rupee terms, revenue growth for FY'25 was 6.1%.  
8. Revenue growth accompanied by operating margin expansion led to 8.3% growth in EPS on 
a normalized basis, adjusting for interest on tax refunds for FY'24 and '25. 
9. We closed 24 large deals in Q4 with a TCV of $2.6 bn, 63% of this was net new. For the full 
year, we closed 96 deals with TCV of $11.6 bn and 56% net new. 
10. DSO reduced by 5 days to 69 sequentially. Further, the DSO including unbilled net of 
unearned reduced by 3 days to 83. 
11. Free cash flow for FY'25 was highest ever at $4.1 bn, 129% of net profit. Adjusted for tax 
refund, it stood at $3.5 bn, 112% of net profit.  
12. Headcount at the end of the year was 323,578, an increase of ~6,000 year-on-year. Attrition 
remained contained at 14.1%. 
Operating margin for Q4 was at 21%, a decline of 30 basis points sequentially, bringing the financial 
year margins at 21.1%, increase of 50 basis points from FY'24 level. 
The major components of sequential margin change for the quarter are as follows:  
Headwind of  
- 140 basis points from compensation-related costs 
- 40 basis points impact from acquisition, mainly on account of amortization of intangibles  
Partly offset by a tailwind of  
- 80 basis points from lower post-sale customer support  
- 30 basis points from Maximus  
- 20 basis points from currency movement and 
- 20 basis points from lower third-party costs. 

--- PAGE 6 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 6   
Higher travel and visa costs were offset by lower other costs leading to a decline of 30 basis points 
sequentially.  
Utilization, excluding trainees , stands at 84.9 %. On-site mix further reduced to 23.6% .We hired 
15,000 freshers this year and expect to hire over 20,000 freshers in FY'26. 
EPS increased by 1.8% in financial year '25 in rupee terms on reported basis and 8.3% adjusted for 
interest on tax refunds.  
The increase in margins by 50 basis points over FY'24 was achieved , despite multiple headwinds 
from salary increases, higher variable pay, impact from large deal ramp-ups and acquisition-related 
amortization. These headwinds were more than offset through combined benefits from various tracks 
under Project Maximus, especially value-based selling, lean and automation, improvement in critical 
portfolio, improvement in utilization, etc.  We have been able to institutionalize these initiatives and 
make a structur al shift in our approach. We expect Project Maximus to further aid in margin 
improvements from current levels.  
Consolidated cash and cash equivalents stood at $5.56 bn at the end of the year. Yield on cash 
balance was 7.13% in Q4 and ROE stood at 29%. 
Coming to cash flows; FY'25 free cash flows are highest ever at $4.1 bn, increase of 42% year-on-
year. Free cash flow as a percentage of net profit for the financial year was 129%. We expect FY'26 
free cash flows to be above 100% of net profit. Excluding income tax refunds, our free cash flows for 
the year were at $3.5 bn, up 21% year-on-year. Free cash flow as a percentage of net profit were at 
112%. 
We expect effective tax rate for financial year '26 to be in the range of 29% to 30%.  
The Board has proposed a final dividend of Rs. 22 for financial year '25 . Including the interim 
dividend, the total payout for FY'25 will be Rs. 43, an increase of 13.2% once the final dividend is 
approved by the shareholders. 
We closed 24 deals in Q4 with a TCV of $2.6 bn, 63% of this net new. Vertical -wise, we signed 7 
deals in Financial Services, 5 in EURS, 4 in Manufacturing, 3 in Communication, 2 each in Hi-Tech 
and Life Sciences and 1 in Retail. Region -wise, we signed 12 large deals each in America and 
Europe. 
Coming to verticals,  

--- PAGE 7 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 7   
In Financial Services, budgets are flat to slightly higher in AI, regulatory compliance and cost 
management. We anticipate steady growth in capital markets and cards & payments in large global 
banks and U.S. regional banks. Mortgage sector will see an uptick in spend if interest rates reduce 
going forward. Our investment in AI-related propositions, regulatory compliances, risk mitigation and 
cost management is expected to create growth opportunities.  We have been selected as a n AI 
partner for many of our clients. 
Manufacturing sector has grown double digits over the last few years. For CY'25, budgets are lower 
for Auto and Industrial Manufacturing and flat for Aero. Recent challenges in terms of tariffs, market 
uncertainties and trade barriers are likely to lead to a subdued spend and delayed decision-making. 
Weakness in Auto, especially in Europe continues. We are helping clients in Aerospace resolve 
bottleneck in the supply chain. Pipeline remains healthy with focus on cost takeouts, opportunities in 
infra transformation and consolidation and some traction in ERP modernization programs. 
Retail sector has been impacted by economic uncertainty resulting in lower consumer spending in 
core markets. Due to recent tariff announcements, client budgets are expected to be tightened and 
there is increased caution. Decision cycles are getting stretc hed for discretionary spend and large 
deals. Across geos, there is increased focus on AI, cloud, estate modernization, cost takeout and 
investing in core tech capabilities.  
Energy Utilities Resources and Services sector continues to grow and we see a strong pipeline of 
opportunities, both from existing and potential clients. Energy prices remain volatile , however, new 
markets in midstream and downstream energy are opening in the U.S. region. There is an increased 
M&A and tax -related work with services clients, focusing on cloud migration and vendor 
consolidation. Utilities is prioritizing AI-driven enterprise transformation and services and is seeing  
traction in software, services and IP deals. The acquisition that we announced today will strengthen 
our vertical expertise and open new buying centers in energy trading and risk management areas. 
Communications sector continues to remain soft. Discretionary spend is under pressure with clients 
focusing on cutting costs, restructuring and consolidation deal. Our growth will be led by recent deal 
wins and opportunities in areas like cost reduction, A I and database solutions and cybersecurity. 
Lower interest rates could improve the profitability of telco OEMs, which in turn can help increase IT 
budget. 
In Hi -Tech, most clients remain  cautious due to the macroeconomic headwind and tariff 
announcements, with discretionary spend still remaining under pressure. There is increased margin 
pressure on account of committed spend on data centers. 

--- PAGE 8 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 8   
Exiting FY'25, global uncertainties relating to tariffs and impact of that on client sentiment and spend 
are taking center stage. Basis our assessment of the current macroeconomic environment and the 
visibility that we have today, we expect FY'26 growth to be 0 % to 3% in constant currency terms.  
This excludes the acquisition that we announced today and this assumes a reduction in third -party 
revenues versus FY'25 based on existing deals and the new deals in pipeline that we have today.  
Our operating margin guidance for the year is 20% to 22%.  
We will continue to keep a close watch on economic environment and its impact on client budgets 
and reassess our guidance as we progress during the year. 
With that, we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you. On the fourth quarter, can you talk a bit about the linearity... 
Moderator 
Ankur, sorry to interrupt you, your audio is not clear. Can I request you to come in a better reception 
area, please? 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay. So, question was in terms of the fourth quarter, can you talk a bit about the linearity? Did the 
softness or the relative miss to guidance  play out only in March or was there something you saw 
over the course of the quarter? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Ankur as I said earlier, two-third of the decline was on account of third-party costs and the revenue 
related to that. Some of the deals that we had in the pipeline had slipped. So, the decline was higher 
than what we anticipated. And the balance was the usual Q4 seasonality and the volume decline 
that we saw. So two-third of our 3.5% decline was on the back of third-party cost and revenue. 
Ankur Rudra 

--- PAGE 9 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 9   
I appreciate it totally. I was curious if that played out more in March or  if that played out over the 
course of the entire quarter? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So generally, these deals happen towards the end of the quarter and that  is where it slipped 
from there. 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay, understood. If I talk a bit about the guidance, it seems to imply something like 0.8% to 1.9% 
ask rates for the rest of the year. Could you highlight if this will be a normal seasonality? Or is it going 
to be different given the heightened uncertainty you might be seeing right now? 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Ankur sorry, can you repeat the question? It was not very clear. 
Ankur Rudra 
The guidance, does it imply a normal seasonality for the year? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So, as we said earlier, we do see a heightened uncertainty in the environment and that  is the 
reason we have given a 3 -point guidance band. So, depending on which end of the guidance you  
are looking at, the seasonality will also change, uncertainty will also change. But outside of that, we 
are expecting normal seasonality. 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay, understood. Just the last question. You spoke a lot about the AI-led transformation that clients 
are expecting from you. Are you infusing AI into existing projects that might lead to any kind of 
revenue deflation which you have to overcome? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi Ankur, this is Salil. So first, AI is part of all the discussions on the new deals. We are using AI in 
many of our existing programs. But here, we are seeing benefits which relate to how we can now 
use AI with clients in different areas. So as a composite, what we saw last year, 4.2% growth we feel 
pretty confident that we will see benefits from it even as we see some productivity improvement. So, 
we do not see anything in terms of the revenue on that. 

--- PAGE 10 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 10   
Ankur Rudra 
Okay, appreciate it. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first question was, you spoke about that 
the third-party slipped towards the end of the quarter. So, how was the volume trend during the 
quarter? And does that imply that as they come back in the next quarter in the guidance you are 
expecting the third-party contribution to be higher in FY'26? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
If you look at what I said , we had a softer start at the beginning of the quarter from volume s 
perspective, but we did see some recovery from there in terms of volumes. But on the third -party, 
we are expecting for FY'26 to be lower than FY'25, considering the deals that we have signed and 
the deals that we have in the pipeline. So that is baked in. 
Kumar Rakesh 
And volume trend during the quarter? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. The volume trend during the quarter, we had a softer start in January, generally, the soft month 
and then the volumes start stacking up and we saw a similar trend this quarter as well. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Great, thanks. My second question was from a longer-term perspective. Over the last 2, 3 years, we 
have seen all the froth which was created in many of the deals with very low ROIs being signed, they 
were reassessed by the clients and many of them were ramped down, and we saw the impact of that 
in terms of revenue growth. Do you see, there is still some scope left if clients start reassessing the 
projects again , if the macroeconomic uncertainty continues for a little longer, there is more of 
reassessment of the projects, which may again start happening the way we have seen over the last 
year or two? 
Salil Parekh 

--- PAGE 11 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 11   
Hi. First, the changes that we have seen in the economic environment, impact have happened very 
recently and over a short span. Having said that, the discussions we have had, specifically on some 
of the deals we have signed in the recent quarters , we have not seen a change in that, like the 
trajectory that we were anticipating , at this stage. However, we  will keep a look out on that as we 
develop. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Thanks for that Salil. Just a clarification. So, my question was more around that ROIs now that we 
are offering in terms of the deals which we are doing for the client. Now has it on a portfolio level, 
has it improved so that we are no longer in a risk if such a reassessment happens or you still see 
that there are some of the projects which is at a risk which could be reassessed? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
What we saw in the past was more of the discretionary spend where the clients had put a stop or 
there were ramp-downs. If the environment deteriorates , significantly from where we are , yes, the 
clients will relook at some of that. At this point in time , we are not seeing any of that happening 
significantly for us. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Great. Thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Pathak from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Pathak 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question was, could you please just expand a bit on 
the underlying assumptions at the top end of our guidance? Do we assume an acceleration in deal 
wins for this to be achieved or do you think a better-than-expected ramp-ups could probably take us 
to 2%, 3%? That is one. 
And the second question was – which I think is probably partly answered. But considering a few of 
your peers have called out some deferrals or at least some uncertainty in decision -making. How 
does the next immediate quarter looks in terms of, let us say deferrals or ramp-downs? And do you 
see any significant risk in the extreme short term? 

--- PAGE 12 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 12   
And lastly, do the current events kind of push-down the recovery in short cycle deals a bit more and 
do you feel short cycle deals are again, something that will struggle to take-off? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So, leading up to guidance, we always run multiple models that leads us to the top end, bottom 
end or the middle end of the guidance. That is the same process that we have followed even at this 
point in time. The reason that we gave a 3-point guidance band was because there is an uncertainty. 
So, at the lower end of the guidance, we have baked in some further deterioration in the environment. 
And at the top end of the guidance, we have baked in steady to marginally improving environment. 
So that is how the guidance has been panned out from the environment perspective. 
Having said that, on the ramped downs, we have not really seen any major ramp ed downs at this 
point in time or major closures of the deals, we do see clients being cautious that decision making is 
delayed in pockets. But as I said, w hat we see today has been baked  in in the lower end of the 
guidance from the uncertainty perspective. 
Moderator 
Abhishek, do you have any follow-up question? 
Abhishek Pathak 
Yes, sorry. No, just the last bit on the wage hike impact for Q1 and how do we just model that in?  
Thanks. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So, Abhishek, most of our employees got the wage hikes in January and the middle level to 
senior level employees will get wage hike, effective 1st of April. The impact of that has been baked 
in in the guidance range that we have given. 
As you could see for the financial year '25, we have improved our margins by 50 basis points. We 
are now at 21.1%, despite all the headwinds, whether it was wage hike, whether it was higher 
variable pay, the large deal ramp-ups, acquisition-related costs and our endeavour going forward is 
to improve from where we are in the current environment. 
Abhishek Pathak 
Understood. Thanks a lot. 

--- PAGE 13 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 13   
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Rateria 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on small deals... 
Moderator 
Gaurav, sorry to interrupt you, can I request you to speak little louder, please? 
Gaurav Rateria 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator 
Yes, go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria 
My first question is on small deal environment. Have you seen any change compared to a few months 
back? And is it fair to believe that the midpoint of guide assumes a stability in the environment on 
the small deal front? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Gaurav as I said, there are various models that leads to multiple ends of the guidance. At the 
lower end, I will repeat, we have assumed deteriorating environment. And at the upper end, we have 
assumed steady to marginally improving environment. So in the middle is anywhere between the 
two. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Okay. Got it. Second question is on margins for FY'26. Normally, what we have always been hearing 
is that when growth improves, it creates an operating leverage and provides a cushion to improve 
margins. But if I take this midpoint of your guide, it is kind of slowing compared to FY'25.  
So is it fair to believe that kind of creates some operating deleverage and create some pressure on 
margin? So what would be the levers to offset that and still be -- stay within the band within FY'25 
range? Thank you. 

--- PAGE 14 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 14   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Gaurav, if you look at the last year also, we had a large comp impact coming into the year because 
we had the previous comp which was rolled out in November. So full year impact of that came into 
this year and then we had additional comp that we rolled out in January. 
So there was a comp impact. There was an impact of the large deals that we signed in the previous 
year, 30bps of impact from the acquisition that we did and so on. And despite all of those headwinds, 
we have been able to improve margins by 50 basis points by rewarding our employees better through 
a higher variable pay through the year. 
So, we are confident at this point-in-time that there are opportunities where we can double down and 
improve margins. So at this point -in-time, the endeavour is to improve margins from where we are 
for FY'26. 
Gaurav Rateria 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jonathan Lee from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.  
Jonathan Lee 
Great. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, can you clarify what the inorganic contribution 
is that is contemplating your outlook for fiscal '26? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Jonathan, the guidance does not include the acquisition that we announced today. We have not 
closed them yet. The Board has approved the acquisition. We still have to go through the closing 
formalities that will take a few weeks to maybe a month or so. So, depending on the closure, we will 
figure out in the next cycle on the guidance. So at this point-in-time to clarify, the guidance does not 
include the acquisition that we announced today. 
Jonathan Lee 
Thanks for that clarification. Second, how would you characterize the pricing environment through 
the quarter? And how does that compare to what you  have seen since the beginning of this fiscal 
year? 

--- PAGE 15 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 15   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
We continue seeing stable pricing through the quarter , generally at the overall business levels. 
Everything that has changed in the environment has been very recent. So we  have not really seen 
any significant impact coming from them on the pricing environment. 
Having said that, one of the key pillar on our cost optimization or the margin improvement program 
is the value-based selling, that is not only pricing, that is everything around pricing, including getting 
the change request for the scope creeps, rotating our long -tenured employees across projects so 
that we get better pricing on them, having differentiated pricing models for different services. So, all 
of that has helped in the last year and that endeavour continues in this year as well. 
Jonathan Lee 
Appreciate that colour, thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keith from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Keith Bachman 
Hi. Thank you very much for taking the call. I wanted to return to AI on the delivery side. And really, 
I wanted to go back to the first question, which I was not sure, I understood your answer. But how is 
AI changing the nature of pricing discussions and/or structure? And how do you think that  is going 
to unfold in FY 2026? In other words, does the deflationary nature of AI, is that impacting your 
performance-based contracts or any structure that you are putting in the contract? And is it leading 
to any different price discussions? 
And if you could also call out, is there an area whether it is BPO or deployment or ADM that is being 
-- that you see using AI more in the delivery  or is it all the different areas? Is there any one area 
specifically within your portfolio or solution portfolio that you think will be impacted more by delivery? 
Thank you very much. 
Salil Parekh 
So, on AI and pricing, what we are seeing is, there are areas where we have discussions with clients 
and this is building up through the last year, through the quarters and we anticipate seeing that going 
ahead as well. Where for example, if there are large customer service programs, we see that there 
could be benefits to the clients of 20% to 40%. If there are different areas where Generative AI can 
be applied, those discussions are very much at the forefront on clients minds. 

--- PAGE 16 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 16   
Sometimes, the client view are maybe larger than what we are seeing in realization and so, we have 
a choice to make there. Many times, they a re aligned and AI is one component of automation , of 
lean, then AI and then consolidation, all of which give some benefits in a cumulative way to the 
clients. So, we see that ongoing. 
And with that, we also see AI gives us some new opportunities; One, there are new projects we are 
doing, for example, in credit risk or AI platform , for a telco, these give us new areas for revenue as 
well. So as a cumulative, while all this was still going on last year, we still saw 4.2 % increase in 
revenue and that is the way we see it at a composite level. 
Now on that , we superimpose the changes in the economic environment which is where we see 
some differences as Jayesh was sharing earlier in the range of the guidance, if that makes sense. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. But just when, and for my follow-up when you mentioned there are some situations where AI 
is generating 20% to 40% eff iciency gains, I think that is sort of similar to what IBM and Accenture 
have said. 
On a like-for-like pricing in that situation, where you can deliver such meaningful efficiency gains to 
the client, how are those efficiency gains shared with the customer? In other words, is your revenues 
go down by 20%, 40% or how is that shared in terms of just on a like-for-like basis for a given contract 
and that is it for me. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
So there, where we have seen that range has been more, for example, on customer service. We do 
not have a large voice business. We typically bid on like a combination of technology and operations, 
and part of it could be that. So typically, these are not our existing book of business, that customer 
service is not something we have a large book of business in. 
In terms of sharing, there are different ways. These are shared depending on the client situation like 
there are situations where there is a consolidation activity with the client, where there is a share in 
some part where customer service is not within our portfolio  and there is consolidation which gives 
us some benefits. So it is not like one number which gets shared then with clients. But it is shared, 
yes. 
Keith Bachman 
Okay. Many thanks for the answers and I wish you all the best of luck. 

--- PAGE 17 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 17   
Salil Parekh 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Surendra Goyal 
Yes. Thanks a lot. Salil, Jay esh, just one question. You have been calling out improvement in 
discretionary spending through the course of FY'25. What did you see in the m onth of March and 
April so far and apologies if you have already answered this question before? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, Surendra, March month has been usual. I do not think we have seen a significant change either 
ways in the environment in terms of volumes. We did have positive volumes in March. 
Surendra Goyal 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question on cost of third-party items. First 
is, when we say, some of the booking of the third-party item got spilled over. Does that mean that it 
will come back in Q1 and that will help Q1 revenue? And a related question is, is the visibility getting 
into Q1 similar to what we have seen maybe Q1 of last year; better, worse, any color on that? Thank 
you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Sorry. Abhishek, if you could repeat the first question on the third-party, I did not get that well. 
Abhishek Kumar 

--- PAGE 18 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 18   
Yes. So I mean we said that some of the weakness in Q4 was because some third -party item got 
spilled over. So is that just a deferral and it w ill come back in Q1 or that is something that we have 
lost? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Abhishek, at this point-in-time the third-party costs that, as I said earlier, two-third of our decline 
was because of the lower third-party costs and revenue, some of those deals slipped. It is uncertain 
at this point in time if and when these de als come back. So, at this point-in-time, they are slipped. 
You should read that in conjunction of the fact that I also said FY'26 third-party cost and revenue are 
going to be lower than FY'25 third-party cost and revenue. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Okay. And maybe in that context, visibility overall for Q1, given we are in the midst of the uncertain 
macro, how are we looking at Q1 compared to previous years? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes. So I think both the years have had unique factors that led to an uncertainty. I do not know if you 
can put in a quantifiable terms, whether it is similar or not. We started the year last time, there were 
uncertainties around interest rates, geopolitical tensions, half the world was going through elections. 
So there were uncertainties around that. 
And today, we have uncer tainties around tariffs. We do no t know the rate to the extent to which 
countries will get impacted, how those countries will retaliate, the timing of that and the downstream 
impact of that. So, I think all of that is uncertain as we speak, Abhishek . But the guidance that we 
have provided at this point -in-time is what we see today. Our philosophy on guidance has been to 
reduce asymmetry of information between us and our investors and we are guiding what we see 
today. 
Abhishek Kumar 
So, one quick question on margin. Two-third of 3.5% decline coming from third-party, but the margin 
uplift because of that has been very limited around 30 basis points. So, I was just trying to reconcile 
why the margin uplift is so low? Thank you. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Abhishek, the margin uplift on that is around 20 basis points. If you look at , the reduction in third-
party cost is $100 mn , obviously we make some margins on those deals as well. So , you will only 

--- PAGE 19 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 19   
get the benefit to the extent of the delta margin of the company versus those third -party deals and 
that is where the margins were impacted. 
Abhishek Kumar 
Sure. Thank you. That is helpful and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities.  Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Salil, just wanted to understand in this uncertain macro environment, 
if discretionary spend is difficult to predict whether -- but at the same time, clients may not postpone 
their AI-related investment. So is it fair to assume client may start in terms of goin g doubling down 
on the outsourcing cost takeout kind of deals? Whether same is coming into your discussion and is 
it fair to assume that the deal pipeline could improve on the cost takeout and the mega deals could 
be a part of the deal wins entering FY'26 as well? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, first, the changes in the economic environment are recent and also in a short period , so 
not everything is understood about that. Having said that , learning from the past, we typically see 
that this sort of an environment will provide m ore cost takeout opportunities, c onsolidation, 
automation, lean. We have also pivoted our sales activities into focusing and building more proactive 
pitches to clients on that area. 
We will now see how that executes and what i s the dynamic of the economic environment . But in 
general, our portfolio has got that ability, which is also on AI, cloud and also on cost takeout. So now 
we are emphasizing much more on the cost takeout. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. And Jayesh or Salil, whoever can answer this, whether it is fair to assume the seasonality of 
1H better than 2H may continue even in FY'26? What are your guidance assumptions for the same? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 

--- PAGE 20 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 20   
So typically, our 2H is softer because you have furloughs, you have low er working and calendar 
days, etc., etc., so that part of the seasonality will remain. As we see today, I do  not expect that 
seasonality to change. But beyond that, in an uncertain environment like this, it  is very difficult to 
predict how the quarters will look like. 
As I said earlier, at the bottom and the higher end of the guidance, we have factored various 
scenarios and depending on how that will play out, we  will have to see how the quarters progress. 
But overall, we do not see a significant change in seasonality beyond the uncertainty. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. And just last bookkeeping question. In terms of your margin walk, you have said the M&A -
related cost being 40 bps as a headwind to the margin. Is it one-off and may not reoccur in the first 
quarter of the coming financial year? And if I assume both acquisition s being closed at the end of 
1Q and maybe consolidated for 9 months, is it fair to assume it will add 40 bps, 50 bps to the revenue 
growth? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, that is right. The 40 bps of charge that we took on related to the acquisition is one -off in a way. 
If you recall, we had said earlier this year that the Automobile sector, especially in the German or 
European markets has been seeing softness. And that is why we have reassessed our customer 
intangibles, the value of customer intangibles and we had to take a charge on tha t. So, from that 
perspective, it is a one-off. Coming to the second question, what was the second question? 
Sandeep Shah 
The M&A? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Yes, the acquisition.  If we close in the Q1, the benefit that we would get would be 40 -to-50 basis 
points for the full year, which is not baked in the guidance. 
Sandeep Shah 
Okay. Thanks and all the best. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 

--- PAGE 21 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 21   
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yes, hi. Good evening. The JV that we signed with Mitsubishi, how is that different from the one that 
TCS signed in the early part of the last decade, if you could just give some context there? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Nitin, this is not a JV that we have signed. We have inducted Mitsubishi in the existing JV and we 
have diluted our share by 2%. So it is an existing JV where we have just inducted a strategic partner 
in the JV. It is endeavour to build a long-term relationship with a large giant in Japan. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Got it. And then just one last question is, as we entered the last year, which is as we entered fiscal 
'25, we had a large order book of large deals which we had to execute, which sort of helped us in 
the first half of last year. As we enter this year, how  would you contrast that in terms of the order 
backlog, relative to last year, right? 
I am asking this considering that our organic growth this year is possibly around 3.4% and in that 
context, our guidance at the top end is almost similar. So just wanted some context in terms of how 
it was then and how it is now? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Nitin, you  are right. If you look at just the purely, the quantum of the deals that were getting 
ramped up in Q4 of the previous year and compare that to quantum of deals that are getting ramped 
up, you will see a stark difference or you will see some difference. But we should also remember that 
many of those deals were in larger deals than a longer duration deals versus what we have today. 
So, there is a delta between the tenure of the deals and mega deals are generally a much longer 
tenure deal. You will see some of the filings with respect to the mega deals that we have done with 
SEBI also or stock exchanges also earlier. So, we should see that in that context. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
So, it is not that these deals have any anniversary im pact at the moment or if there is a continued 
ramp that you are sort of anticipating there? 

--- PAGE 22 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 22   
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, if you look at most of the deals that we had talked about earlier, which was signed in FY'24, they 
had ramped up in the Q4 of FY'24, and then we saw the benefit of them in FY'25. So they are pretty 
much at a steady state at this point-in-time. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Got it. That is very helpful. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
So my question was basically on the growth trajectory that we are expecting. For the last two years, 
our growth has been pretty much first half heavy and seasonality of industry and our own seasonality 
have been coming in Q3 and Q4. This time, a lot of our peers have called out weakness in Q1, 
especially because of the uncertain macro. 
So do you believe that could impact the growth trajectory that we see through the year, it could be 
more skewed towards, let us say, Q2 and Q3 or maybe the second half and the first half might not 
be as good as we have seen it  over the past couple of years? Just some light on that will be really 
great. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Vibhor, as I said earlier from a seasonality perspective, the regular seasonality perspective, I do 
not see a change in seasonality. The working days, calendar days impact would be similar to earlier 
years, the furloughs will remain. The uncertainty is the only unknown factor, and we will have to see 
how that pans out in Q1, Q2 to see if – and the implication of that to see whether Q1/Q2 is going to 
be better or worse versus earlier years. 
So in short, the uncertainty remains. That i s the reason why we have given a 3 -point guidance. At 
the bottom end of our guidance, we expected higher uncertainty . At the top end of the guidance , if 

--- PAGE 23 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 23   
we end up there, then you will see a regular seasonality in H1 and H2. But yes, at the bottom end of 
our guidance, it is going to be unpredictable. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Right, got it. So okay, let me just ask maybe just a follow -up on that. Are you expecting any, let  us 
say, unexpected, extra weakness in Q1 because of the uncertain macro at this point-of-time? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Vibhor, we do not give quarterly guidance. So, we are going to stick to our overall guidance and that 
is what we see today. 
Vibhor Singhal 
I was just trying my luck. Lastly, on the margin front, where do we stand on the Project Maximus 
benefit? Do you believe there are still some fruits to be plucked from that? Or are we mostly done 
with that project? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So, if you look at this year, despite multiple headwinds, we have been able to improve margins by 
50 basis points, right? We did absorb the comp that we did in the previous year. Full year impact of 
that came in FY'25. We gave higher variable pay to our employees. We have had ramp-ups of many 
of the mega deals, which obviously are lower margins in the beginning of the year. We had an impact 
from acquisition or intangibles of the acquisition. 
So, I think we have absorbed all of that and delivered 50 basis points of margin  expansion. There 
are multiple tracks which are still underway under the project, value -based selling is still delivering 
value. Lean automation is still creating value. So, I think there are opportunities that makes us believe 
that there is still opportunity to improve margins from where we are. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish you all the best. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you, Vibhor. 
Moderator 

--- PAGE 24 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 24   
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. You made a remark regarding the fact that we should probably be 
expecting some decline in the cost of pass-through revenues in FY'26. We have basically seen a 
very steady increase from this line item increasing from about 2% of revenues to about closer to 8% 
of revenues in FY'25. 
Is there anything on the ground which is changing because of this you envisage a lower level? this 
number essentially being a drag on revenue growth? And how should we be thinking about this 
number playing out over the next 3, 4 years? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Manik, this is the third -party costs which are typically the costs which are embedded in multiyear 
large transformation deals. And we know what the deals that we have signed in the year and we 
know what are the deals in pipeline. When we analyze those two components and when we estimate 
what the cost is going to be, at this point in time, looking at what we have signed and what we have 
in the pipeline, we expect FY'26 third-party costs to be lower than FY'25. 
Manik Taneja 
Do we envisage this going back to possibly where it used to be FY '21? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Eventually, we will have to see where we will end up. But once the large and many of the mega deals 
that we have signed in the past, those transformation finishes, we will have significant reductions as 
well. 
Manik Taneja 
Sure. Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta 

--- PAGE 25 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 25   
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Jayesh, one clarification. In our cost of sales line, we have almost Rs. 
145 crores negative number for consultancy and professional charges , have not seen a negative 
number ever here. So, what is driving this? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
So Ashwin, this is an insurance claim that we got with respect to the cyber event that we had last 
year. So, this is a benefit of $20 mn that we got. I did not call it out in the margin walk because there 
were other negatives against that like utilization etc., so those kind of offsetted each other. 
Ashwin Mehta 
And a follow-up in terms of the provision for post-sale support as well, the reversal seems to be pretty 
high. So is that also related to this as well? 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
No. The post-sale customer support - there is a seasonality there. So typically, if you look at last few 
years trend, you will see a reduction in Q4 generally on that because many of the projects typically 
come to an end with the financial year-end. So that is one reason. 
The second reason is, of course, there is a lot of things which we are driving under Project Maximus, 
whether it is in terms of effort optimization, whether it is in terms of change request, a tighter control 
of many of those projects, all of that reflects into lesser warranty in terms of SLAs, lesser warranty, 
lesser cost in future on many of those projects. So, all of that reflects in PSCS for us , post-sale 
customer support. 
Ashwin Mehta 
Thanks a lot for the clarification. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Girish Pai 

--- PAGE 26 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 26   
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Salil, are there any silver linings to the current macroeconomic 
situation around tariffs ? Are you having any conversations with clients around the supply chain 
solutions or anything like that? 
Salil Parekh 
So what we see is we have a portfolio which has got both things for growth like AI, cloud, digital, but 
also very good solutions for cost and cost efficiency, automation, productivity from AI, lean. We are 
making sure that those are getting already in the short time period from the changes in the economic 
outlook. We are making sure those are getting communicated, discussed with clients. And my guess 
is, we do not know the impact yet, but we are going to make sure that if clients are looking for cost 
and efficiency we will be there. 
On supply chain, we are working to make sure that we provide , because we have a consulting 
business, which can give some insights.  We also have supply chain tech solutions , if clients are 
rerouting their supply chains or if they want to optimize it, how we can support them in it? So, we are 
positioning for it. We do not know right now like what is the potential impact benefit, but we are 
definitely positioning for the cost and these sort of activities. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. My second and last question has to do with AI and budgets around AI. Do clients have a 
separate budget for Gen AI or AI or is it coming from savings that you are doing on normal projects 
as things stand today? 
Salil Parekh 
Yes. If I look back at the last year, the overall tech budgets are there. Now there are some cases 
where a client is doing large transformation, we are able to fund that transformation from, let us say, 
a large opportunity on consolidation or cost efficiency. 
In some cases, because at the start, AI was a little bit more distributed, not so much central.  They 
were also some sort of distributed within the company, different divisions and budgets and so on. My 
guess is, it will become more and more one budget for the company from which there will be spend 
on our services for AI and so on. So we will see how that plays out, so that is what we anticipate. 
Girish Pai 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator 

--- PAGE 27 ---
 
 
 
External Document © 2025 Infosys Limited 27   
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks. Thank you everyone, and thank you for detailed set of questions. We can imagine with the 
changes, we are all looking for insights. 
Conclusion from my side ; first, we are delighted with the strong financial year '25 growth, margin, 
very good cash, large deals, net new. What we have built over the years is a balanced portfolio within 
the company with AI, cloud, digital for growth, cost, automation, consolidation, lean for efficiency. 
And we find that this environment gives us a good ability to work on both and maybe do one more 
than the other, depending on how the environment will unfold. We will support our clients in that 
ability. We have also taken care to build guidance with how Jayesh described with different ends and 
assuming different scenarios. 
We feel we are well positioned on the margin side with a lot of the work that is been done in our 
margin program. So overall, we remain quite confident to support our clients on what they want to 
drive and to deliver and execute on our business. Thank you everyone, and look forward to catching 
up in the quarter. 
Jayesh Sanghrajka 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 